Dark Souls: FAQ/Walkthrough by haarlem1982

Version: 3.1 | Updated: 2013-05-13 | Original File

Hosted by GameFAQs

    More for Dark Souls (PS3)



Would you recommend this FAQ? Yes No

1234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789

Dark Souls FAQ.

++++Introduction++++[intro1]     

Hello, and welcome to my very first FAQ.

Dark souls is, at first, a difficult game, but after you've been through it for
two or three times and know enemy attack patterns, enemy placement and what
gear and build suits you. you'll find it's not that bad.

That's what this FAQ is about, help new players get through it and help 
advanced players with getting those last few trophies for platinum.

This guide is written with getting the platinum trophy in mind, without ever 
going online since it's very possible, yet time consuming to do so.

The online aspect of the game however, is pretty big and really worth your time
if you are willing to invest in it.

Alright, enough of my ranting, let's go!

++++Copyright++++

This FAQ is property of me, Marcel van den Ham, and may be not be reproduced
in part or as a whole under any circumstances except for personal, private use.
It may not be placed on any web site other than the sites listed below or other
wise distributed publicly without advance written permission. Use of this guide
on any other web site or as a part of any public display is strictly 
prohibited, and a violation of copyright.

Sites allowed to place this guide
-Gamefaqs.com
-Neoseeker.com
-Supercheats.com
-Cheathappens.com
-Chaptercheats.coms


++++Table of contents++++

-Introduction...........................[intro1]
-copyright
-Gemeral Tips...........................[genti1]
-Character Build........................[chabu1]
-Walktrough
-Undead Asylum..........................[undas1]
-Firelink Shrine........................[firsh1]
-Undead Burg............................[undbu1]
-Undead Parish..........................[undpa1]
-Darkroot Garden........................[darga1]
-Undead Parish..........................[undpa2]
-Firelink Shrine........................[firsh2]
-Undead Burg............................[undbu2]
-Depths.................................[depth1]
-Firelink Shrine........................[firsh3]
-Undead Parish..........................[undpa3]
-Undead Burg............................[undbu3]
-Blighttown.............................[bligh1]
-The Great Hollow.......................[greho1]
-Ash Lake...............................[ashla1]
-Blighttown.............................[bligh2]
-Quelaag's Domain.......................[quedo1]
-Demon Ruins............................[demru1]
-Firelink Shrine........................[firsh4]
-Sen's Fortress.........................[senfo1]
-Anor Londo.............................[anolo1]
-Firelink Shrine........................[firsh5]
-Undead Asylum..........................[undas2]
-Anor Londo.............................[anolo2]
-The Painted World of Ariamis...........[paiar1]
-Darkroot Garden........................[darga2]
-Undead Burg............................[undbu4]
-Darkroot Basin.........................[darba1]
-Valley of Drakes.......................[valdr1]
-New Londo Ruins........................[nelor1]
-The Catacombs..........................[thcat1]
-Tomb of the Giants.....................[tomgi1]
-Anor Londo.............................[anolo3]
-The Duke's Archives....................[dukar1]
-Crystal cave...........................[cryca1]
-Demon Ruins............................[demru2]
-Lost Izalith...........................[losiz1]
-Kiln of the First Flame................[kifif1]
-Before we face Gwyn....................[befag1]
-What's next............................[whane1]
-Artorias of the Abyss DLC
-Sanctuary Garden.......................[sanga1]
-Oolacile Sanctuary.....................[oolsa1]
-Royal Wood.............................[roywo1]
-Oolacile Township......................[oolto1]
-Chasm of the Abyss.....................[chaab1]
-PVP in a nutshell......................[pvpnu1]
-Boss Strategies........................[bosst1]
-Boss Video Guide.......................[bvigu1]
-Covenants..............................[cvnts1]
-Pyromancies............................[prmns1]
-Sorceries..............................[srcrs1]
-Miracles...............................[mrcrs1]
-Trophy Information.....................[troin1]
-Frequently Asked Questions.............[frasq1]
-Version History........................[verhi1]
-Special Thanks.........................[speth1]
-Contact................................[cntct1]

++++General Tips++++[genti1]

-Don't rush into battle, most enemies, even the early ones can easily kill you 
if you're not carefull. Just wait for them to attack and either block and 
counter or walk behind them and backstab.

-Don't try to fight groups of enemies, lure them out 1 by 1 with your bow and 
then kill them.

-Be patient, sometimes enemies will try to bait you in doing attacks to block 
and counter, don't fall for it.

- Watch enemy movements, nearly any attack that any enemy can throw at you has 
an obvious tell. Learn them and react accordingly.

-Don't overlevel yourself. Off course it seems easy to just go farm for hours 
on end and kill everything with ease, but in the long run you'll just make it 
harder on yourself, because in NG+,enemies become harder then they were in your
first run. The higher your level, the harder it gets to gain more levels, this
game is more about skill than your level anyway.

++++Character build++++[chabu1]


For the purpose of this guide we will be using a Pyromancer as base character, 
because they start out at level 1 with decent stats all-round and a powerfull 
spell.

We'll be turning our pyro into a dexterity based melee/ranged character 
troughout the game, because attack speed is more important than strength in 
this game, and it's always helpfull to be proficient with a bow.

Also pyromancies are not scaled with intelligence, but only with the level of 
your flame.

Order of levelling:

Get your dex. up to 12 for the shortbow.
Get your strength up to 16 for the drake sword.
Get your dex. up to 14 for the longbow.
Get your vitality and endurance up about 10 points each.

Afterward, divide levels at about 2 points dex to 1 point str., vit, and end., 
keeping in mind that at some point, NG+ or NG++, we will need 25(!) faith to 
join the Warrior of sunlight covenant to get the miracles lightning spear, 
great lightning spear and sunlight spear,

It also helps to invest some points in int. to 15 or so early game to be able 
to learn logan's spells. Another thing to keep in mind is that you may want to
get your faith up to 18 early on, so you can use homeward.

I never really use the souls you find to gain levels, but only at shops, 
because there are plenty opportunities to grind souls for levelling, which will 
be mentioned in the walkthrough, and I don't like going back and forth between 
shop and grinding area just to buy something.

Also in your first game NEVER EVER use boss souls to get souls as you need all 
of them at least once to create a weapon or shield.
In NG+ you can use some of them, in NG++ you can use all but the soul of Sif 
and the soul of Gwyn.

My standard setup is: 
Left hand: shield, bow
Right hand: sword, flame, with a talisman in your inventory for healing and 
                          homward
Magic: 2x fire orb, iron flesh, heal or great heal, homeward
Rings: Covetous gold serpent ring, ring of favor and protection

This however, was intended for PVE use only. I will now provide some builds 
that have been pretty effective for me in PVP.

The following builds are just templates however, switch around with numbers or
starting classes as you see fit.

If you want to check out builds before spending time and souls in actually 
creating one check the following link:

http://mugenmonkey.com/darksouls/

It will look like this:

Type of build+starting class, the left number is for sl100, the middle for  
sl120-130, the right one for sl200.

VIT  x  x  x
ATT  x  x  x
END  x  x  x
STR  x  x  x
DEX  x  x  x
RES  x  x  x
INT  x  x  x
FAI  x  x  x

Some comment

Dex/Pyro(the one I use in the guide), Pyromancer


VIT  40  50  50  
ATT  16  19  23
END  40  40  50
STR  16  20  30
DEX  41  45  45
RES  12  12  12
INT  10  10  30
FAI   8   8  30

The 200 build will leave you a 187 with these figures, leaving 13 points to
spend as you see fit. I've put int and fai at 30 so you can use buffs like
crystal magic weapon or darkmoon blade.

Notable gear/spells:

Quelaag's Furysword, katanas, Balder Side Sword claymore for the 120-130 and 
200 build
Grass Crest Shield, Crown of Dusk
Great Combustion, Chaos Fireball, Power Within, Firestorm, Black Flame

Dex/Int, Sorcerer

VIT  30  35  50
ATT  16  16  23
END  30  30  40
STR  16  16  16
DEX  36  40  45
RES   8   8   8
INT  35  50  50
FAI   8   8  30

The 200 build will get you at 184 this time, I've kept the str stat at 16 for
all three varieties to use the Moonlight Greatsword, which is arguably the best
melee weapon for an int build, but you shouldn't invest in it untill you 
actually have the sword.

Notable gear/spells:
Velka's Rapier, Moonlight Greatsword, katanas, Blader Side Sword 
Grass Crest Shield, Crown of Dusk
Crystal Soul Spear, Homing Crystal Soulmass, White Dragon Breath, Crystal Magic
Weapon(for buffable weapons), Pursuers, Dark Beads

Str/Fai, Cleric

VIT  40  45  50
ATT  16  16  23
END  40  40  40
STR  29  40  50
DEX   8   8  45
RES  11  11  11
INT   8   8   8
FAI  30  40  50

For this one, the 200 one puts you at 195, str is at 50 so you can one hand any
weapon, faith is at 50 so you can use any miracle and dex is at 45 for max 
casting speed.

Notable Gear/Spells:

Black Knight Greataxe, Grant, Dragon Tooth, Zweihander, Demon Great Machette
Grass Crest Shield
Wrath of the Gods, Lightning Spear, Great Lightning Spear, Tranquil Walk of 
Peace, Vow of Silence, Sunlight Spear, Darkmoon Blade, Sunlight Blade

There are many, many more possible builds with equally many pros and cons to 
them, so feel free to experiment with them.

++++walktrough++++

In the walktrough I will try to keep it as spoiler free as possible, but I will 
give my opinion on events AFTER they happen, so if it's your first run, you 
might not want to read past the point of the game you are in. You have been 
warned.

Also because this game is mostly open world you can do most things in any 
order, the order I use is what I like best, off course you are free to do it 
otherwise.

OK, take a deep breath, here we go!

++++Character Creation++++

As stated above, we'll take the pyromancer class.
None of the options you can choose will matter gameplay wise, but for a gift I 
strongly advice you to take the master key.
It's the only item that can't be obtained otherwise and will be pretty helpfull 
at times.  
-Katana Faraway wrote: from patch 1.04 you can buy the master key from the guy
you save in the sewers, creds to Katana for this-

After beating the boss of Blighttown, you can find him on the bridge in 
Firelink, the one you need to jump to for a Ring of Sacrifice.

++++Undead Asylum++++[undas1]


Pretty cool movie huh? Oh well...

You  start out in a cell with a glowing orb in front of you, this is what items 
and loot look like so pick it up.

You'll get a message saying it is a dungeon cell key and opens the door of your 
cell.

You start out with a straight sword hilt and fireball, which you can't use yet.

Open the door and walk forward, you'll see orange messages on the floor which 
basically tell you the controls, read them as you go.

On the left is a guy holding his head, he won't attack you unless you attack 
him, do so anyway to get 20 souls.

Another guy  just before the stairs, kill him too for another 20 souls.

Up the stairs, keep going forward untill you reach a pool of water with yet 
another guy sitting there, again, kill.

Afterward go right through the archway and climb the stairs, go through the 
archway and in the middle of the open area there is a sword in the ground.
Approach it and press x to light the bonfire, press x again to rest here so 
you can return here if you die.

To your right under the arch is a door you can't open so go through the big 
doors in front.

Holy f*** what the hell!

Theoretically you can kill this guy now, but it will be hard and time consuming 
so run to the left through the door and activate the second bonfire, rest there 
too.

Go down the stairs to the left and through de door, run to the item and equip 
your shield, go towards the archer with your shield up and he will run away.

Grab the next item, your handaxe, equip it and go after the archer and kill 
him. Go up the stairs and through the white fog.

If you go left here you will see an item on a staircase you can't reach yet so 
go right.

Two more staircases, go down first, open the door and rest at the bonfire if 
you want.

Now go up the staircase but about halfway up jump off to your right as a 
boulder will come crashing down creating a hole in the wall behind you.
Go through that hole and talk to the guy who gives you a key and the 
estus flask, which is your main healing source.

Go up the stairs, kill the guy. BTW this might be a good opportunity to 
practice backstabbing since we'll be using it a lot. You'll know you did it 
right if you see an animation ending with you kicking the guy down.

Through the next door is our next item, the pyromancy flame, after equipping 
you can use fireball, but let's not test it out just yet...

Here there will be 3 guys, 2 with swords 1 with a bow, you know what to do.

Don't go through the fog yet, go straight and kill the soldier guy for some 
extra souls, right now this is easiest done backstabbing.

Get ready for payback.

+boss+ Asylum Demon

When done right, this guy is really easy and beatable without getting hit once.

When you go through the fog, take your weapon in 2 hands, target lock him and 
do a jump attack, this takes off about about 50 percent of his health, then 
keep circling him staying between his left leg and tail and spam him with 
fireball, he should go down after 4 hits, ending the battle in 15 seconds 
without a scratch on you.

For beating him you get 1000 souls and the Big Pilgrim's Key.

If you want a visual aid on how to beat it, check out this link:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fYzU31algA

Use the key to open the door and walk outside.

Up the first flight of stairs, go left, down the slope to get a soul of a 
Lost Undead.

On the right side is a bird's nest with a voice asking for warm and soft.
This is snuggly the crow.

There isn't much use for it now but remember this place.

Go back to the center area and proceed to the end of the cliff. 

++++Firelink Shrine++++[firsh1]

Is that a cool way to travel or what?

Anyway, first order of business is to go to the bonfire.
Now you should be able to gain 1 level, invest it in dex. Do not use the soul 
you got earlier, you'll want to use it at the first merchant, just a little 
while ahead.

You should see a blue guy in front of you. If you talk to him he tells you to 
go ring the bells, one in the church upstairs and one in blighttown. Basically 
that's our first mission, but first let's explore.

If you go down the stairs to your left you will see some sort of prison with 
the firekeeper inside. She cannot speak but if you find a firekeeper soul and 
give it to her, she will upgrade your estus flask to heal better.

Go down the next flight of stairs and you will come to a lift, this takes you 
to New Londo Ruins, but trust me unless you need to go to the blacksmith down 
there you do not want to be there yet, in fact even when you need to go there 
to proceed with the game, you don't want to go there.

So back up the stairs, you will see a well with an item, this is Humanity. 
Humanity is really neat because it allows you to go back to your human form, 
kindle fires, raise your drop rate, and deal more damage to foes,
Just be carefull, if you die you'll lose it, just like your souls.
The amount of humanity you have is dislayed in the top left corner of the 
screen.

From the well go up the stairs and take the rightmost archway, here you will 
find 6 Firebombs, basically the item version of Fireball.

The middle archway leads to Petrus of Thorolund, who, if you keep talking to 
him, will sell you miracles and a talisman, teach you a Gesture, and lets you 
join his covenant, the way of the white.

Go up the stairs to his right and you will come to 2 archways, if you go 
through them you will come to four chests giving you 4 cracked red eye orb, 
1 morning star, 1 talisman,6 homeward bone, and 4 Lloyd's talisman.

Jump down here and you will come to a skeleton infested graveyard. There are a 
few good items here, but the skellies are pretty strong so we'll do that later, 
just get the hell out of there and rest at the bonfire so any skeleton chasing 
you will be gone.

Back to Petrus and up the stairs, now instead of going to the arches, go right 
up the stairs and take the soul of a lost undead.

Now from the well near the bonfire, go towards the large tree and up the 
stairs, there will be a few enemies here, just be carefull, patient and take 
them out with ease. Now before you go to the item and the soldier guy in the 
back, go up the stairs and take out the firebomber and axe and sword guys that 
ambush you. The soldier is easiest taken care of backstabbing.

Take the soul of the lost undead. On the bridge you have probably seen an item, 
you can jump the gap and get it, it´s a ring of sacrifice, but I don´t really 
find it worth the risk.

Go back up the stairs and take the Soul of a Lost Undead from the corpse.

Through the door and to your left will be a rat guarding another Soul of a lost 
undead, but be carefull, the rat can poison you.

If you turn around there will be an archway to your left and a closed gate in 
front of you, you can't open the gate yet, so go left.

++++Undead Burg++++[undbu1]

When you go up the stairs you will be attacked by 2 guys, by now you should 
know what to do.

After killing them you will see a few stacked barrels, break them and jump down 
to get a Large soul of a lost undead.  

Jump down again and you will be ambushed from 2 sides by 3 guys, so be 
carefull.

Before you cross the bridge to the right, go into the building on your left and 
take the Soul of a lost undead from the corpse in the window. You can't go up 
the stairs.

Cross the bridge, go through the building and be carefull of a 4 guy ambush, 
take the Rubbish, this is used for trading with Snuggly, we'll get to that 
later.

Go up the ladder and take the Humanity from the corpse and jump back down to 
the start of the area, cross the small bridge to your left and kill the 
firebomber. Be carefull, inside the building to your left is a guy who will 
ambush you so kill him too.

Cross the white light and take the Soul of a lost undead from the corpse under 
the stairs, go up the stairs but don't bother trying to jump to the second 
floor of the other building from here, you won't make it.

Go right and up the stairs and... Whoa what the hell? You know we're going to 
kill you for that, you a******?

Well, up the stairs will be 3 guys with swords and 1 on the building with a 
crossbow, take them out.

Open the door, take the wooden shield and equip it if you want, but unless you 
have gotten a hollow soldier shield dropped we'll buy a heater shield in a few 
moments.

Go up the stairs and into the building on your left, light the bonfire and 
reverse hollowing and kindle the flame if you have the humanity, kindling will 
restock your estus to 10 instead of 5 and we'll be using this bonfire a lot in 
the coming hour or so. Also note that if you kindle a bonfire while online, 
every player that lastly used said bonfire will get a free estus, so you are 
not just doing it for yourself.

Anyway, get your dexterity up to 12 now if you have the souls, otherwise grind 
for them around here.

Now go back down the stairs, take out the guys and go left across the bridge 
we skipped earlier.  

At the end of the path will be 2 guys with shields and spears, the best way to 
deal with them is to attack once, they will block it but it will bait them 
into counterattacking, if you circle them while locked on you can easily 
backstab them, take note that while you are in the backstab animation, you 
will not take damage, but be carefull, because when it ends it can happen that 
you get attacked and don't have time to block.

Guys dead? good.

To the left of this area are a few crates hiding a stairwell, so destroy them 
and go down.

If you go through the door in front of you there is a merchant who sells some 
good stuff, for now at least.

Buy the shortbow, 100-200 wooden arrows, if you don't have a hollow soldier 
shield, buy the heater shield and if you have the souls also buy the residence 
key and the repairbox, but we can leave those 2 for later.

Equip the shield and bow, and don't forget to equip the arrows, or your bow 
will be useless.

Now, go back inside the building and go left, there's an axeguy waiting to 
ambush you behind a bookcase so do what you need to.

Continue through the door and at the end of the walkway there will be 4 guys, 
get creative(or destructive, depending on your point of view) and take care of 
them.

Go up the ladder, take the 10 throwing knives and from here you can jump to the 
second floor of the building we didn't jump to earlier, where you will find a 
crossbow and some bolts, crossbows take a long time to reload, so that's why I 
prefer normal bows, also a crossbow is scaled with strength(I think), normal 
bows with dex.

Let's go back to the bonfire and rest so we can continue.

First take care of the guys that attack you as soon as you step out the door, 
then it's time to take out our bow.

Shoot the guys on the roof that are throwing firebombs, a headshot does more 
damage. There are 3 of them, but the leftmost one is a bit hard to hit so you 
can just leave him.

If you move your crosshair down and to the right you will see a soldier, shoot 
him once and wait for him to come to you, because inside the building are also 
2 axeguys. The soldier sometimes takes one with him, but that shouldn't pose 
too much of a problem.

After taking care of our friends there will be a closed gate inside the 
building which cannot be opened from this side, so go left.

Go into the building to your right, kill the 2 guys and open the chest for 5 
black firebombs.

Back outside go up the stairs and lure out the 3 guys one by one before killing 
them.

Now go inside the round tower, kill the sniper and go back down. If you have 
either the master key or the residence key, you can open the door to get 3 
Gold pine resin. This item gives lightning element to your right hand weapon, 
which comes in handy for the next boss.

Back outside you have probably alerted a spear soldier so do your thing.


Go up the ladder, kill the last firebomber if you haven't already and take the 
soul of a lost undead.

Go back down and lure out the soldiers one by one with the bow and kill them.

Go up the stairs, but look out, a soldier will roll down a flaming barrel so 
evade and kill the soldier.

Now prepare for a semi tough fight.

Back down the stairs you will see another stair going down. At the end of this 
is a black knight guarding an item.

Shoot him with your bow, then lure him back to the large open space with the 
round tower. Keep circling him untill you get a chance to backstab, he will 
survive so immediatly lock onto him again and throw a fireball at him, Switch 
back to your axe and repeat untill dead. He will drop a Titanite chunk, which 
is used to upgrade weapons, and possibly a Black knight sword or shield.

You now will probably want to go back to the bonfire and rest up which is a 
good idea, also level up, put everything on strength because we need to get it 
at 16 for our next melee weapon. Spend any extra souls on arrows.
The item the BK guarded is a blue tearstone ring, which raises your defence 
when your HP is low, might as well equip it.

Go back to the flaming barrel stairs and into the tower.

With the master key you can open the door in front of you, but behind it is a 
powerfull enemy who we can barely tickle right now so go up the stairs.

On the level with the white fog is a lizard hiding behind a barrel. Lizards 
drop all kinds of titanite but disapear if you can't kill them quick enough, 
so leave it for later.

Past the white fog is a ladder to your immediate right, climb it and kill the 
snipers.


+Boss+ Taurus Demon

Alright, go down the ladder, use a gold pine resin and walk untill about 
halfway the bridge.

Big ugly will jump down, so turn around, run back and climb the ladder.

Wait untill it's below you, lock on and jump attack him.

This takes away about 50% of his HP, afterwards stand between his legs and 
start slashing like a madman, he'll probably hit you once but it doesn't really
hurt.

There, another boss easily taken down, you'll get 3000 souls for your efforts.

If you want some visuals on how to kill it, copy and paste this link:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lQKKTA2ZEc&feature=youtu.be

At the end of the walkway is a stairs going down with 2 crates against the 
wall, destroy the rightmost one for a large soul of a lost undead.

At the bottom of the stairs is a locked door in front, which can't be opened 
yet, a bridge with some soldiers to the left and an open area to the right, go
there first.

Here we will find Solaire of Astora, who, if you talk to him will give you the 
White sign soapstone which enables you to summon other people to help you 
against bosses when you are human. You can also sometimes summon NPC's with it.

Now carefully walk onto the bridge, after a few steps turn around and run back.

It's our dragon buddy!

Ok, make sure you're at full health and run on the right side of the bridge 
taking the stairs down to safety.

There are 2 doors here, first take the one with the stairs going down, kick the
ladder to create a shortcut and rest at the bonfire.

Time to do some grinding.

If you go back up the ladder and up the stairs leading to the dragon, you can 
bait it into killing the soldiers for you by walking onto the bridge, just past
the first soldier and running back down. This will give you 500 souls every 
time, so run back to the bonfire to respawn the soldiers and repeat.

The stats we're aiming for are 16 Strength, 14 Dex, and you might as well raise
your Vitality and endurance by 1 or 2 points too.

When you are done go up the ladder and take the other door, which leads under 
the bridge. At the end is a soldier with a sword and hiding behind the wall is 
a soldier with a spear, get rid of them by any means.

Once they are dead, go to the side of the bridge where you can see the dragon's
tail. If you stand next to the last pillar that isn't attached to the castle, 
you can shoot it's tail. When you do enough damage it's tail will fall off and 
give you the Drake Sword, pretty much the best weapon you can have at this 
point.

Take note however that it scales with nothing, the only way to deal more damage
with it is by upgrading it, which we can't right now.

If you want to you can kill the dragon now, giving 10K souls, but it will take 
a long time and takes away the best grinding spot we have right now, so let's 
do it later.

If you go to where the spear soldier was you will see a door, inside are 3 rats
so you can test out your new toy. Remember they can poison you, so just block 
and counter.

Take the ladder going up and to your left you will see a stairs going up. On 
top of it is a Black Knight, this one is a little harder to beat than the first
one so we'll take care of him when we go kill the dragon.

++++Undead Parish++++[undpa1]

Through the door on your right is a soldier, past him you can see a big boar ,
3 soldiers and 2 snipers on the walkway. 2 of those soldiers you can lure to 
you with your bow, the third one will go hide behind the boar.

Be carefull luring them however because hiding to your right is a spear guy.

As soon as the soldiers are dead, go immediately right, up the stairs and waste
the spear soldier and the snipers. Then stand on the archway and kill the boar 
with arrows or fireball.

One of the soldiers  could have closed the large gate, sometimes it happens, 
sometimes it doesn't. We're not going through it anyway. To the right of the 
gate is a stairs going down and a guy trying to bait you into following him, 
don't do it because you will be jumped by 2 other guys, so carefully walk in 
to lure them out and take out everyone inside.

In the back of the room you can find the mystery key, so take it and go up the 
hard to see ladder you just passed.

Kill the 2 guys and carefully walk across the beam to get a Large soul of a 
lost undead.

Go up the stairs and through the white light, across the bridge there are 
stairs to your left and a walkway to your right, go right first.

Carefully approach the knight and backstab him, with the drake sword it should 
kill him. If something goes wrong and he notices you just use the basic block 
and counter. Watch out when he raises his sword though, that means he will 
parry and riposte which hurts, a lot. Anyway, take the knight shield, go back 
and up the stairs.

To your left will be a spear soldier waiting to ambush you so kill him.

Go through the door, walk outside and go left, quickly take out the knight and
turn around. Now kill the spear soldier and continue.

Out on the walkway take the first left and you'll be behind the closed(or not) 
gate. Take the basement key and halberd lying here and carefully approach the 
door.

There will be a knight running at you, lure him outside and backstab him.
Take out your bow, shoot the second knight and kill him too.

While you were sniping the second knight, you probably saw a really big knight 
in the back of the room, lure him out with an arrow and kill him, just don't go
through the door because a third knight is waitng to your left to ambush you.

After all enemies are dead, run to where the big knight was and take the 
Firekeeper soul, just know that on a walkway above you there will be a sorcerer
casting soul arrows at you.

From the firekeeper soul go right, kill the 3 soldiers and cross the bridge 
into another building.

If you go down the stairs you will come to a bonfire, light it,rest at it and 
if you have the humanity reverse your hollowing(if nescesary) and kindle the 
flame, don't use your souls for levelling though, the hammering sound you hear 
is Andre of Astora, a blacksmith, who is downstairs. Repair any equipment and 
buy at least the repairbox. Andre now sells arrows too.

Grinding time again.

You probably saw that Andre also sells the Crest of Arthorias for 20K souls.

Go back to where you just came from, kill the 3 soldiers, then go left across 
the walkway, backstab the knight, kill the spearguy, go to the large area 
behind the gate, kill the 3 knights inside the building, go back to the bonfire
and repeat untill you have enough souls.

Now go to Andre, buy the crest and go through the door near him.

This ugly thing can be beaten real easily(although cheap) by standing behind a 
broken pillar in the middle of the room where he can't hit you but you can hit 
him with manual aim. He drops a Demon titanite and can also drop a titanite 
catchpole altough this never happened for me.


++++Darkroot Garden++++[darga1]

As soon as you enter, go left. You'll see a walking tree like thing coming at 
you, don't let them grab you, just block and counter. It should go down after 
3 hits. These guys have a fairly high drop rate of moss clumps, different 
colors heal different status changes, like poison.

When you kill the second tree look behind you, you'll see a glowing flower on 
a hill, go there.

Now go right and go down the winding path, try to kill the lizard and keep 
going down untill you see an item on a cliff you can jump down to, do so to get
the longbow, some feather arrows and the leather armor set.

If you have 14 dex. equip it and the armor if you want. Now use a homeward bone
to go back to the bonfire.

Get back to darkroot garden and now walk to the end of it with the glowing sign
on a door.

Before you open the door using the crest you bought, hit the wall to the left 
of it revealing a bonfire, kindle if you have the humanity.

Now, if you open the door, you will see some guy standing in front of you, 
don't try to fight him. Alone he's pretty strong and his friends will join the 
fight early on.

What you want to do is run past the guy to your left untill you see another 
guy, then turn right, a third guy will drop down, now turn around running back 
to the stairs, you should also have alerted a fourth guy.

Instead of running up the stairs, go to the edge on the right, stand close to 
the wall and wait, all 4 of them should jump to their deaths from the stairs 
above you, giving you 7000(!) souls. Do this as long as you want/dare.

If you have trouble doing this with my crappy description, there are plenty 
videos on YouTube showing how to do this.

We have just found the second best grinding method in the game that I don't 
consider cheating, there is a better one and I will mention it when it becomes 
available, but like I said, it's cheating.

In patch 1.05 these guys are far less dangerous than they were and can now
easily be defeated by fighting them, it takes a little longer, but is safer and
more faultproof. 

From here on out I will not tell you to grind anymore, if you need souls for 
buying or leveling, just go here. I will however point out decent grinding 
opportunities whenever we get there.

Now back to the game.

++++Undead Parish++++ [undpa2]

Go back to the area where the firekeeper soul was, if you enter from the door 
with the 3 soldiers, you will see 2 gates, 1 open 1 closed, this is an elevator
back to firelink shrine. Step in the open gate, touch the floor button and get 
out again unless you need to rest, from now on this is a shortcut.

If you look to your right you will see a stairs going up, go there but be 
carefull of the knight, lure him down and kill him.

Go up the stairs and through the window you can see the sorcerer that was 
annoying us earlier, just shoot arrows through the window to kill him, he 
shouldn't be able to hit you.

Now be carefull, if you enter the large room you will be ambushed by many 
swordguys so walk in a few steps, lock on to the first one and walk back, 
either blocking and countering or fireballing them, whatever works best for 
you.

Once they are all dead, go left twice, kill the knight, when the path starts 
turning left you will see some planks with light shining behind them, slash 
through them and up the stairs.

Here you will meet Lautec of Carim behind bars. If you picked up the mystery 
key you can free him. Now you can either leave him there so he will show 
himself out or you can kill him giving you a Ring of favor and protection. 
It's a nifty ring which raises your hp, stamina and max equipment load, 
but I advice to let him go, we'll get a chance (and a real reason) to kill him 
later anyway. If you don't do anything he'll get out, but he won't reward you 
after beating the next boss.

Go back down, continue the path you came from and slash the barrel with the 
corpse in it to get a humanity.

Go all the way back to the large room where the ambush was, go straight through
the door and take the large soul of a nameless soldier.

Back to the large room, go left twice again, follow the path and prepare 
yourself.

+Boss+ Bellfry Gargoyles.

If you are going for the platinum trophy I suggest doing this in 2 stages.

The first rum just go for cutting of it's tail, take the Gargoyle tail axe and 
quit to the menu, reload to get right back before the fog.

If you didn't kill or otherwise aggroed Solaire(the knight who gave you the 
white soapstone), you can summon him here. Do so and if he survives he will 
give you a Sunlight medal. You are going to need 10 of these to get a miracle 
from the sunlight warrior covenant.

Anyway, here's the strategy.

From the start keep moving, he has a confusing jump attack that can let you 
throw youself of the roof if you're not carefull.

Just get close, bait him into doing an attack, get behind him and attack.

This way he'll go down pretty quickly, just beware after about a minute his 
buddy shows up who will start breathing fire. 

Just stay focussed on the first one, stay cautious but aggressive and take him 
down. Repeat for number two and this fight should end without too much 
problems.

If you have Solaire with you, the strategy remains the same, but although Sol 
won't do a lot of damage, he will provide a good distraction to make the fight 
even easier.

When the gargoyles are toast you'll get 10000 souls if you did it alone or 
5000 souls and a sunlight medal if you did it with Sol and he survived. 

Here's a link on how to beat those goofballs.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOYYHbHSZh4

There is nothing on the sides of the tower, so go in and climb it. When you 
reach the top you will see a lever, pull it.

You just rang the first bel of awakening, nice going!

Go back down and talk to the creepy guy that has arrived, this is Oswald of 
Carim. This guy can give you absolution for sins you may have committed against
covenants, the cost is high however (2000 souls x your current level), but if 
you anger an NPC, this will stop them from being hostile. He does sell some 
good items though, the miracle Karmic justice, some rings and most importantly 
right now, purging stones.
- Ultimate_Finale wrote: after patch 1.04 the cost for absolution will only
be 500 souls x your current level, so creds to him-

The rings and miracle are probably way above your price range, but aim to buy 
at least 1 purging stone, Ozzie sells them for 3000, the only other merchant 
that sells them asks 6000 and trust me, if you get cursed you´ll want one asap,
so just buy one.

Head back to the Firelink shrine.

++++Firelink Shrine++++ [firsh2]

Go towards where fhe firekeeper is and give her the firekeeper soul if you 
haven't already, this will upgrade your estus. Near her, you will see Lautec 
sitting on the floor, talk to him to get 1 sunlight medal.

++++Undead Burg++++ [undbu2]

When you're done, go into the Undead Burg, to the bonfire there, if you haven't
picked up the residence key from the merchant yet, do so now, go up the ladder 
and towards the bridge with the dragon. Remember the door we couldn't open 
earlier, on the bridge? We now have the key, so open it.

Do so and go down the ladder, here you will see 2 staircases, one in front and 
one on the right, go right first and open the gate at the end, you should 
recognize the area. This is another shortcut.

Go back down and take the other stairs, here you will be attacked by 3 dogs, 
don't fight them on the stairs, you can't swing your sword, instead lure them 
back to the open area and just block and counter. These bitches can poison you 
so be carefull.

Doggies dead? now go down the stairs and make a right U-turn and stand near the
door without a round top, with the residence key you can open it and save 
Griggs of Vinheim. After beating this area's boss he will be at firelink to 
sell you sorceries. If you roll into the barrel with the corpse, it will drop 
the sorcerer's clothing set and a catalyst.

Step outside and go left. At the end of the path will be 7 guys with torches, 
kill them all and take the twin humanities, this is the same as a normal 
humanity but gives you 2 points of humanity when you use it.

Turn around and go the other way. There will be a cart in the middle of the 
road, go past it but beware, when you pass the second door to your right, you 
will be ambushed by 3 thieves, they are fast, hit hard and can throw knives at 
you, oh yeah, they can also poison you.

This sounds like a lot, but they are no match against the tried and tested 
block and counter, when they come out, just run back to behind the cart and 
they should come at you one by one. Hah! who ambushes who here?

In the first building to your right you will find a mail braker.

Continue following the path but be carefull, another ambush is just ahead, 3 
thieves and 2 dogs this time, just be defensive and patient, wait for an 
opening and take them out.

To your left is another corpse in a barrel, this time dropping a large soul of 
a lost undead. In the second builing to the right is the black leather armor 
set, a pretty decent set, so equip it.

Now, before going through the fog and confronting the boss, first go right just
before it, to create another shortcut.

The boss can be pretty nasty if you have run out of luck, and you don't want to
repeat the last few ambushes again.

Go down the stairs, but before going down the last one, take out your bow and 
snipe the thief. Afterwards, be carefull, another one is hiding behind the left
corner, show him what we do with cowards like that.

When they are done for, don't go up the stairs yet, go to the end of the 
hallway and take the large soul of a lost undead.

Go up the stairs, inside the tower, do the same, take out the archer and head 
through the door.

To your right will be a merchant, she does not sell a lot of interesting 
things, but she does sell purging stones at 6000 souls each, she will also sell
you 1 humanity if you want. If you have some spare souls, also buy poison 
arrows, 40 to 50 should be fine.

Turn around and open the iron gate, you probably already know where you are 
right now, so if you need to rest, do so and head back to the boss gate.

As you go up the stairs to the fog, the 2 dogs will attack you. kill them, 
make sure you're at full health and go through the fog

+Boss+ Capra Demon

This fight can be fairly easy or just plain annoying, making you want to throw 
your controller at the tv screen.

The biggest problems here are the small room and the 2 dogs he brings with him,
which need to be killed asap.

Ok, now for the strategy.

As soon as the fight starts Cap will come at you, 1 dog comes at you from the 
left.

Run a little to the right I'd say at about 30 degrees, when he raises his 
blades, roll straight forward, the second dog will come at you from either the 
front or the right.

The timing to roll without taking damage will take some tries to learn, but 
even if you do get hit, it's not over yet.

As soon as the roll ends, take a hard left towards the stairs, about halfway up
turn around and lock on. Cap walks pretty slow, so you should lock on to one of
the dogs, which should be right behind you.

Block and counter, taking care your sword doesn't hit the wall. Both dogs 
should die with a single swipe.

Those were the first 5 to 10 seconds.

If you get through this in one piece, the rest is plain sailing.

You can either take Cap on one-on-one, circling him and attacking his back 
after a two-handed swing, don't do it after a one-handed swing or he will 
probably counter, leaving you at his mercy, and he doesn't show any.

Another, safer, approach is to use the stairs.

Lock onto him, always having your shield up, he can hit you from nearly 
anywhere, and walk onto the stairs all the way over the arches as far as 
possible.

Now he will do one of two things: He will try to jump you from about halfway up
the stairs, miss usually, he can sometimes hit you, so keep your shield up.
Then when he is stuck on the floor jump attack him.

Another thing he might do, is go up all the way towards you. If this happens, 
jump down, lock on, and wait for him to jump down, slash him twice and get back
up.

Repeat untill he's dead.

As you can see, the first few seconds will determine the outcome of the battle,
as soon as the dogs are gone the worst is over so just stay calm, get rid of 
the dogs and waste this bastard.

After it's over and you are dancing through the room you will get 6000 
souls and the key to the depths.

Here's a video on a very close call (and showing how much out of practice I am 
right now)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOzv72cGRYY&feature=plcp

When you are done celebrating, go back out the room, down the stairs and to the
door you probably saw when creating the last shortcut.

++++Depths++++ [depth1]

When you enter, go down the stairs, you'll see a guy waiting for you in the 
distance, don't run to him, because hiding behind the stairs you're on is 
another one waiting to ambush you.

Carefully walk in, lure them out and take them out. In the back of the room is 
a third one who will come at you too.

After killing them turn around and take the large soul of a nameless soldier 
from the side of the stairs.

Go forward and go through the door, under the stairs is a sword guy waiting for
you, a torch guy in front of the stairs and three guys are hiding on the 
balcony behind a pillar, again lure them out one by one and kill them.

In the back of the room is a final guy hiding behind a pillar, do I still need 
to tell you what to do?

If you approach the stairs you will see a dog waiting for you, lure him up and 
teach him how to play dead.

Go halfway down the stairs, if you aim your bow manually, you will see another 
dog guarding a chest, and a butcher hacking something, shoot the dog, kill him 
and engage the butcher. Use standard big guy tactics against him. (circle, 
backstab when possible and if you have it relock and fireball) He should go 
down easily.

Open the chest to get a large ember. This is used to upgrade weapons, if you 
give this one to Andre, the smith near darkroot garden, he will let you upgrade
your weapons past +5, it also lets you upgrade your +5 weapon to a raw weapon.

If you go through the door behind the butcher you'll come to a ledge with a big
rat down below, arrow it to death if you want. On the other side is the spider
shield, you can get there by walking across on the right side of the room.

Now, homeward bone out of here and from the bonfire make your way back to the
room where the butcher was.

If you walk back to the stairs you came from you will see a pool of water with 
a dog in it, kill the dog, go down, kill a second dog and a sword guy.

Go up the debris on the other side and go left into a room with a lot of 
barrels. In the back of the room you will see someone trapped inside a barrel, 
roll through the barrels to free him, don't use your weapon, if you hurt him he 
will turn hostile and you lose your only chance to get one of the most usefull 
pyromancies in the game.

This guy is Laurentius of the great swamp, a pyromancer just like us. After 
beating the next boss he will be at firelink to sell pyromancies.

Turn around back into the hallway, start running and when you can, go right. A 
butcher will have come after you, I guess he doesn't like the fact that you 
just freed his next meal or something, anyway use the same tactics as with the 
previous one and get rid of him.

When he is down, go through the door at the end, and down the stairs. To your 
left you will see an item, don't try to take it yet. Instead take out you bow, 
go into aiming mode and look up, the blob thing on the ceiling is waiting to 
jump you, so start shooting, if it grabs you, you're as good as dead, so kill 
it.

The fight will probably have alerted a torch guy, so kill him too. Now take the
soul of a nameless soldier and move on.

When you reach a room with a torch guy in the back, look up, there are 6 blobs 
on the ceiling, so start shooting.

After they're gone, kill the torch guy, and open the door with the master key.

Thank god, a bonfire. Light it, reverse hollowing if needed and kindle the 
flame, it might also be a good time to repair your gear.

When you're done playing with fire, go back out, kill torchie, and go right.

See the big rat? He can't hurt you here, but we will have to deal with him at 
some point, just go straight.

The rats to your right are fairly docile, so you can just go in and kill them, 
take the greataxe, turn around and go the other way, be carefull, a rat will 
jump out the crate in the corner, he should have stayed in there.

Again a pack of rats down the stairs, kill them, turn around and take the soul 
of a nameless soldier you see in the distance.

From here, go right, through the fog, down the stairs is a sorcerer and 3 
giant rats, so take them out killing the sorcerer first.

Down the stairs to the left are 2 crates with rats hidden inside and a dead end

-Several people have e-mailed me that in the corner at the dead end is a Large
titanite shard on a corpse, I don't know how I could have missed it, but creds
to them-

so go right. Kill the rat, go through the door and take the second right, 
carefull there's a hole in the floor before the soul of a nameless soldier, so 
jump over it.

If you go straight you will reach the room with the big rat, I usually shoot 1 
arrow to draw it's attention and then play hide and seek throwing fireballs 
from the hallway, now take the sewer gate key and the soul of a nameless 
soldier.

Slide down the waterway, in the hall to your left you will see a frog like 
enemy, These are very dangerous as they spew a cursing mist. If you get cursed,
you die and afterwards your hp will be halved, get cursed again and you hp gets
halved again, the only cure is a purging stone. I have never gotten cursed more
then once at a time so I don't know how far the cursing goes and if you need 
one purging stone to cure all, or if one stone just cures one curse.

Anyway, take it out. If you turn around after killing it and go back to the 
hall you started in you will be attacked by 3 giant rats and if you are human 
you'll get invaded by Kirk, just kill him using backstabs, he's easy. You'll 
get 5000 souls and 1 point of humanity for beating him.

Continue the path to the right, go up the stairs and you'll end up in a room 
with 2 blobs and 2 rats and a giant gate to your left. Don't go there yet, 
instead take the stairs in the back to the right, open the door and follow the 
path, you'll have created a shortcut back to the bonfire, so go ahead and rest.

Now, I know this guide doesn't cover the entire sewer area, but the only item 
that might be worth getting cursed over(the part I skipped is infested with 
frogs) is the ring of the evil eye, which gives a little hp back for every 
enemy you kill, but you don't need it for anything, there's not even a trophy 
for collecting all rings, so if you desperately want it, you're on your own for
this one, but keep in mind that it's not as good as it sounds.

Go back to where you came from and proceed towards the gate, but instead of 
going through it go right through the archway. When you can, go right again, 
follow the path and go down the stairs, go right again and near the stairs you 
should see a summon sign if you are human, this is sol, behind the same pillar 
is the sign for lautec, if you freed him back in undead parish. You know what 
this means, a boss is coming up, but don't summon them this time, their AI is 
too stupid to do it properly and makes the fight take longer than needed.
Besides, they won't survive anyway, so you won't get a sunlight medal.

Take the heavy crossbow with heavy bolts at the end of the path before going 
down the stairs, go down the stairs, through the fog and face...

+Boss+ Gaping Dragon

This guy looks pretty mean, but honestly, it's one of the easiest bosses in the
game, it's quite tough and takes a while to kill, but also really stupid and 
easily manipulated.

Put away your shield, you don't need it, and take your weapon in two hands for 
extra damage.

When the fight starts, just stay where you are, it should belch out some yellow
smoke and drop to a prone position before rushing you. This is what we want it 
to do the entire fight.

Get out of it's way and wait untill it stops, it will stay still for a few 
seconds which is your cue to lay on the hurt. Hit him a few times, 3 or 4 at 
most and then run away like a little girl getting a good distance in between.

This will cause him to spew smoke again and start rushing. Repeat untill dead.

As this is a dragon enemy, the first priority however is to cut of it's tail 
giving you the dragon king greataxe. this also takes away it's nasty tail 
swipe.

The last thing to watch out for is his jumping attack. When hit dead-on, you're
dead. 

When the fight is over you get 25k souls, the key to blighttown and you can 
pick up the hard leather armor set.

For another visual, check this link:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYRc2aoAgqE

Before we head into Blighttown however, let's do some prep work and tie up some
loose ends. Head to Firelink Shrine.

++++Firelink Shrine++++ [firsh3]

When you get down the stairs, you'll see Griggs, the sorcerer we freed just 
before fighting the Capra demon. He will sell you sorceries if you want them.
If you free Logan later, Griggs will stay here for the rest of the game.

From the bonfire, go under the arch and look left, here you will see 
Laurentius, he's our BFF now because he sells pyromancies, including iron 
flesh, make this your first priority because after beating Blighttown's boss 
and showing him a new pyromancy from the Chaos covenant he will dissappear.
He will also upgrade our flame, take it all the way to +15, this will cost you 
roughly 140k, but you will need it before beating Blighttown's boss to get the 
final pyromancy near the end of the game.

Anyway, buy everything he sells and upgrade your flame, attune iron flesh at 
the bonfire and get an extra slot or replace fireball with fire orb.

Talk to Petrus, the miracle guy and his crew to find out they will be going on 
a quest soon, don't bother buying all his miracles yet if you haven't, he will 
be back.

Take the elevator and go to Andre, the blacksmith.

++++Undead Parish++++ [undpa3]

Talk to Andre and give him the ember when asked, now you can upgrade your 
weapons further, although you probably don't have the materials yet.

Anyway, buy the armor and weapon smithboxes so you can do some upgrades 
yourself at a bonfire and upgrade your bow to at least +5.

Now, go to the merchant at Undead Burg.

++++Undead Burg++++ [undbu3]

Buy as many standard arrows as you can from this guy, aim for 999, and equip 
them. You can equip 2 types of arrows at one time so theoretically you could 
always have 1998 arrows ready to go. Now kill him.

Seriously, kill him, before we run out of arrows, we will have found a better, 
easier to reach merchant and this one drops the uchigatana sword, not that it's
very usefull or anything but at some point we will need it to create a weapon 
with a boss soul, so let's just get it over with and be done.

He also drops 1 humanity and the orange guidance soapstone so you can leave 
messages if you play online, you'll also get a staggering 50 souls for doing 
this.

Do you remember the dragon on the bridge? Guess what's next.

That's right, he's gonna pay for all he has done to us. Go up the ladder at the
bonfire and go to the lower part of the bridge.

Kill both the soldiers and take out the rats in the small room ahead too, just 
to be safe.

Now, go stand on the left side of the door as far to the left as possible, take
out your bow and aim for his head, he will react by going onto the bridge, here
you can shoot 3 or 4 more arrows at him, depending on your aiming skills.

That's pretty much the whole fight. when his hp drops enough however, he will 
start to heal himself. When he starts shaking his head with his wings in front 
of him you will know he's healing, taking his health back to about 75%. It may 
look like you can't kill him but at some point, usually after 3 or 4 times he 
will stop, so just be patient and keep shooting. It might also never heal.

-I have been recieving more e-mails than I can handle about this strategy being
patched out, I have just tried it out for myself in patch 1.05, and it works
just fine. So the people having trouble with this, sorry, but you just had some
bad luck with its healing habits. All the people I told they needed to melee 
it, sorry to make it harder on you than necessary.-

Here's a link to a video I made proving it can still be done.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLRhsX-oWT8&feature=plcp

Take note, you HAVE to be OFFLINE for it to work.

Easiest 10k you ever made right?

After the dragon is gone, go inside where the rats were, Remember the Black 
knight we skipped? Now it's his turn. Go up the winding stairs just before 
Undead Parish, cast iron flesh when you're nearly at the top and take your 
sword in 2 hands, have fun!

He will drop another titanite chunk, and might drop a black knight greatsword 
or a black knight shield, go back to the room before the bridge.

Go up to the bridge, take the claymore and the soul of a nameless soldier. 
Light the bonfire and open the gate if you want, this leads to Undead Parish, 
but we don't have any business there right now.

To the right of the bonfire is a balcony with some non-agressive guys, kill 
them if you must. See the statue with the huge spear? This is where you can 
join the warrior of sunlight covenant, but only if you have 25(!) faith, you 
will get a miracle for joining, a miracle for giving them 10 sunlight medals 
and a miracle for giving them a certain boss soul, check the miracles section 
for info on this.

Pick a bonfire and level up with your "hard" earned souls and head back into 
the sewers and Blighttown. 

++++Blighttown++++ [bligh1]

Before you open the gate into Blighttown, there is a merchant sitting on the 
floor on your right, he doesn't sell a lot of interesting things, but the 
bottomless box is something you might want to buy. It lets you stash away items
you don't need so you can keep your inventory organised.

In NG+ He will sell you The armor used by the final boss, defence wise it sucks
but it has the best curse resistance in the game.
 
After opening the gate, go to the left, along the ledge and down the ladder. 
You will come to a wooden walkway with another ladder to your left. Don't go 
down yet, destroy the junk in front of you and take out your bow.

See the big guy with the club downstairs? He's fairly easy to beat, but you can
easily fall of the ledge here, so just snipe him, he can't reach you here.

Now, go down the ladder, but walk slowly, a little ahead are 2 more of them, 
just snipe 1, wait for him to come running, turn around and go halfway up the 
ladder.

If you go all the way up, he will follow you all the way and you have to snipe 
him like you did with number 1, if you go only halfway up, he will fall of the 
ledge somehow. Repeat with the third one.

When they are done for, carefully walk forward, you'll see some pinkish guy 
waiting, he has a lot of friends hiding behind him, I think there are about 6 
total, so take your bow and lure him to you. These guys are fairly tough, but 
can be easily beaten by simple block and counter, just be carefull when it 
squats and hisses, this means it's going to jump you with a grab attack which 
really hurts, if not kill you.

At some point during this there will also be a guy spitting darts at you, these
things cause 'toxic' status, a nasty variety of poison, that can only be cured 
with a blooming purple moss clump, luckily these guys don't respawn after 
killing them.

-If you picked up the spider shield back in the sewers, the spider shield 
negates the toxic status. This tip was sent to me by someone who wishes to stay
anonymus, but creds to you anyway.-

When all pinkies, including the ones accross the bridge, are dead, go to where 
the spitter was standing, down the ladder there are two more pinkies, take them
out and go to the end of the walkway, take the soul of a proud knight, turn 
around and go back up the ladder.

When you cross the right bridge, it wobbles a lot, but it never crashed down 
on me, so I don't know if it can. If you cross the left bridge you will see an 
item across a gap, this is the Iaito blade, it's not very usefull or needed for 
a trophy, so don't take the risk. If you really want it though, there is a 
beam sticking out of the walkway, run on to the beam and jump at the very last 
second to make the jump, this is however a shortcut to the first bonfire, but 
you will miss out on a very usefull armor set.

On the plateau where the pinkies were standing, there is a ladder going down on
the left side, don't go down, go to the right of the hut, follow the narrow 
path and jump down to the shadow set.

In terms of defence, this doesn't offer much protection, but it has the highest
poison resistance we can have so far, and we'll need it so put it on.

I don't know about you, but I always want to start doing izuna drops and UT's 
when I'm walking around in this...

Anyway, don't go down the ladder to the left, but jump down in front of you to 
get a soul of a proud knight, then, jump down again to the left.

Walk forward and destroy the wooden thing and take yet another soul of a proud 
knight.

Go left and from the plank sticking out between 2 poles, jump to the lower 
walkway, be carefull as there will be a pinkie and possibly some fire breathing
rats to bother you.

Kill them and go left to light the bonfire, from here I won't tell you to 
kindle anymore, you probably already figured that out for yourself a long time 
ago.

Turn around and go up the stairs by the hanging torch, unless you want his 
souls, leave the potted pinky, and kill the other one, if you look down from 
here you will see the fire breathing rats, you can shoot an arrow from here so 
they will suicide, since they can be difficult to hit.

You will have alerted another pinky, so kill him too and follow the path.

After the stone walkway are 2 more pinkies and a spitter on top of a tower.
Sometimes the spitter suicides, sometimes he doesn't, there's not much you can 
do about it now, so just keep moving and take out the pinkies.

When they are gone, move forward and hide from the spitter behind a large 
wooden pillar near a ladder. Down and to the left you will see some big thing 
guarding an item, take it out from here with your bow.

Go down the ladder and go right, try to go down the next ladder so you lure 
pinky down there up to you, then run into the alcove with the soul of a proud 
knight and take out pinky and the other one you just alerted.

Instead of going down the ladder, go back to the previous one, turn around and 
go down the ladder where pinky 2 came from, turn right and go up the long 
ladder to where the spitter is, kill him.

Walk across the walkway and go into the cave on the right, 2 more pinkies here,
deal with them and follow the cave to the item the big thing was guarding, it 
is the power within pyromancy. 

Go left ignoring the spitter from down below, who guards an eagle shield, it's 
not really worth  the trouble of getting it, so I'm not going to.

When you get to the large soul of a nameless soldier, cast iron flesh and take 
your sword in two hands, kill pinky and the big guy and follow the path.

When you go down the ladder you will see an item on a platform you can jump 
down to, it's the whip, take it if you want, otherwise go through the fog, both
routes end up in the same place.

Now things will get nasty, the path is straightforward, only one route to go.

Take out the big bugs as you go. When you come to a platform with a beam 
sticking out, and a wooden wall protecting from a spitter, walk onto the beam, 
drop down and head to and take out the spitter. Hiding behind a wall here is 
the wanderer clothing set and a falchion, whatever you do don't lose this, we 
need it to create the weapon we will use untill the end of the game in the 
future.

Continue your route down, at some point you will come to an island in a lake, 
from here ignore the enemies and start running keeping an eye on the right for 
a cave with a bonfire, finally.

From the bonfire, head into the cave, in the back is a chest with a dragon 
scale, use this to upgrade your drake sword.

Back at the bonfire, go outside, turn right and kill the bug, if you are human,
you will get invaded by Maneater Midred, kill the mosquitoes with your bow and 
just backstab the hell out of her, you get 8000 souls, 1 humanity, 3 humanity
items and a butcher knife for this.

To your right, in the back, you will see a white/brownish hill with trees, this
is where the boss resides, but before that, let's do some side trips while we
are down here.

If you go right, you will see torches on an island, on that island is a slope 
going up. Go there and climb the ladder.

Step on the elevator, and at the top get off, climb the ladder to your left
and instead of climbing the next ladder, go around the left.

Keep following the path, killing bugs, untill you reach a corpse with the 
crimson clothes and the tin banishment catalyst. Also open the chest with
the remedy sorcery.

Go back to the ladder we skipped. Climb up and follow the path untill you reach
a corpse with a soul of a proud knight, from here go around the path, killing 
spitters as you go, then take the ladder down and kill all rats.

Take out the final spitter and his rats in the alcove to your right, then take 
the Firekeeper soul.

If you go back to the start of the 'spitter alley', you'll see a ladder. Take 
it up and follow the only pathe you can take, all the way up to a chest with
the key to New Londo.

From there, move forward and take out the 3 giants one at a time and go 
outside. Cross the bridge, take the soul of a nameless soldier and open the
gate.

You now have created a shortcut to New Londo Ruins and from there you can 
easily make it to Firelink if you want. Head back into Blighttown. 

From the bonfire, go left this time, past the island we originally came from,
to a giant branch, near the end of it you will see an item down below, jump
down and take the green titanite shard.

Get back up the branch and inside the tree. Take the plank shield from the 
corpse, and slash your sword to destroy the fake wall to the left of it.

Open the chest with the twin humanities, and again destroy the fake wall behind
the chest.

++++The Great Hollow++++ [greho1]

Just follow the path to reach the bonfire, here do your thing and equip the 
crimson set, this has the second highest curse resist in the game and there are
a lot of frogs coming up.

From here just follow the branches down, ignoring all the items you see 
scattered around, they require jumping and falling to collect and it's nothing 
you can't obtain otherwise.

Just keep going down, killing the frogs as you go, but be carefull not to get
cursed.

When you are near the bottom, the branches will become mushrooms, just keep
going, ignoring the enemies.

When you go through the fog, you will be at...

++++Ash Lake++++ [ashla1]

If you look to your left you will see a 7-headed monster called hydra (I tought
hydras had 9 heads). If you look right you'll see a bonfire, go there first.

You can take on the hydra now if you want, it's not that hard. Stand at the
edge of the water and wait untill it drives its heads into the sand/ash, 
missing you completely. Now start hacking its heads one by one to take them off
and eventually kill it. You'll get 10k souls and a dragon scale for it.

But there is an easier way, just run past it, keep running picking up the 
dragon scales as you go all the way to the back of the area, just be carefull
you don't fall into the water, you will drown.

In the back of the area you will see another bonfire and a huge dragon, this
is the path of the dragon covenant. Upon joining you will get the dragon eye,
and the dragon head stone. If you go behind the dragon and cut off its tail you
get the dragon greatsword.

Now, back to the hydra.

When you return from the dragon, the hydra should be waiting for you, turn
around, rest at the bonfire again and when you go back, the hydra should be
going back too. At some point it vanishes, giving you the 10k souls and dragon
scale.

When you reach the area with the clam type enemy, just past is is a dead tree
you can go up. Kill the frog at the top, but don't go in, instead look down to
your right, you will see a small piece of wood sticking out between two roots.
This leads to the Great magic barrier miracle - creds for this go to whoever 
posted it on darksouls.wikidot.com, wouldn't have found it without, thanks-

Aside from some easy to see item collecting, there is not much more we can do
here, so go back to the bonfire in Blighttown.

++++Blighttown++++ [bligh2]

From the bonfire, go right, when you get to where the elevator is go to the
first pillar you see, sitting on the left side will be Quelana of Izalith,
another pyromancer( if you haven't upgraded your flame to +10 she won't
appear). Buy everything you can from her and let her modify your flame to a 
stronger version too. Make Great Combustion a priority however, it's one of the
most usefull and powerfull pyromancies in the game. 

Now talk to her a few times and when she starts to repeat herself, go to the 
bonfire and rest, return to her and talk again.

Repeat this untill she asks you to kill her mother. We were going to have to do
this anyway at some point, might as well get an extra reward out of it. I will 
inform you to get it when the time comes.

If you can't buy everything from her and upgrade your new flame to the max., 
don't worry about it, our next main objective is to collect an item that will
allow us to warp between bonfires so she will be easier to reach, although this
is going to take some time.

From Quelana, go a little forward and right to get a Large titanite shard, this
allows you to upgrade your weapons from +5 to +10, but you'll need to modify it
to +6 at Andre first before you can do it yourself.

Head to the island with trees, but stay on the right side of the lake, on the
left side are stone throwing giants who you don't want to mess with.

++++Quelaag's Domain++++ [quedo1]

Just walk forward towards the fog, ignore the 2 egg-covered dudes, they won't 
attack you and when you kill them they will spawn annoying worms, so just leave
them.

Go through the fog.

+Boss+ Quelaag

Too bad for the lower part of her body...

When the fight starts, she will jump you and breathe lava, don't step in it.

The easiest way to fight her is to just get close and bait her to do her sword
attack, if you get to the right of her spider face up against her, she can't 
hit you, after the first strike, attack a few times and wait out her next move.

If she stops moving completely, back off asap, she will do an AOE attack which 
hurts, get your shield up to absorb some of it.

When she raises her legs, back off too, she will stomp the ground.

She will also spit lava around the area, while she is spitting, this is
another good time to do some damage, just be carefull you don't get surrounded.

If the part of the area you are fighting is getting covered in lava, just go
somewhere else, it's a large room with a lot of space to move around.

You'll get 20k souls for beating her and the soul of Quelaag, whatever you do,
DO NOT USE IT TO GET SOULS! Especially this one, because with the falchion we
got earlier, and this soul we will create the weapon we'll use for the 
remainder of the game.

And for a visual, copy and paste this to your URL:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZFi15L3JPg&feature=plcp

If somehow this fight is too hard you can go to the fog in human form to summon
Maneater Mildred to help you, like Sol with the gargoyles she won't do a lot 
of damage, but provide a good distraction. You will only get 10k of souls
however and no sunlight medal.

Go up the stairs in the back of the room and through the door, you will see a
lever, pull it. This was the second bell of awakening and you have just 
completed your first main objective, congrats!

Before we head all the way back to the firelink shrine, there are a few things 
left to do down here.

Go down the stairs to your right, on the right hand side of the wall in this 
room is a piece of wall that looks a little different from the rest, strike it
to reveal a secret room.

Don't attack the egg creature, talk to it and it will ask if you are a new
servant, awnser yes, if you say no just once, you'll have to kill it to get 
past it and lose the chance to get 2 pyromancies a little later.

Use the bonfire if you wish, and talk to the white spider chick.

This is the chaos servant covenant, upon joining you get the great chaos 
fireball pyromancy, if you give her 30 humanity you'll get chaos storm 
pyromancy. Doing this will also open up a shortcut later in the game,You don't
have to do this now if you don't have the humanity, we'll be back here 
later, I'll give you a heads up when the time comes.

Take note though, if you do this now, you will either need to stay in the 
covenant, open the door now (skip to [demru2] for info how to get there), or
leave the covenant through Oswald, so you won't lose your rank when you rejoin.

She can also upgrade your estus.

The egg thing can upgrade your flame for you if you want, and if you return
to him with an egg on your head he will sell 2 more pyromancies, let's do so
now.

Go out and turn right through the hole with the red glow.

++++Demon Ruins++++ [demru1]

Rest at the bonfire and unequip your weapon, also remove your headgear.

Strike any of the egg things with your fist to turn it hostile and just stand
there until it grabs you and uses it's worm to bite you. You have now been
infected and after some time you will grow an egg on your head, just head back
to the chaos servant room and when the egg pops, this will take
a few minutes, talk to eggie.

He will give you an egg vermifuge you can use to get it off, but more 
importantly, he will now sell poison mist and toxic mist pyromancies. 

There is one more thing to do down here, go back to demon ruins, go down the 
slope and make a right u-turn when you can. Cross the bridge and go through the
fog.

Follow the path and when you see a huge creature, don't attack it. Go to the 
back of the area and go right, take the item, the gold hemmed black cloak set,
a great piece of equipment we will be using for the rest of the game. The only
downside is that it has zero curse resistance, but we'll only fight one more 
enemy that uses it anyway.

When you take it, the boss gets angry.

+Boss+ Ceaseless Discharge

Don't fight this thing straight up, you can't win.

Instead run like a pussy into the side path on the left, where it can't hit you
and wait for it untill it gets to the other side of the rock you are hiding 
behind, now show yourself, staying where you are and bait it into attacking.
After the attack, run as fast as you can back to the fog you came from.

Here he can't reach you, but will still try to attack you. As soon as his hand 
slams on the ground, run up to it and start slashing, after 4 or 5 slashes it 
will die.

If something goes wrong and you die before you can do this, you'll have to do
it the hard way.

Get into the side path where he can't hit you. You'll notice he uses a 
different attack now, a huge tentacle will slam down with a blaze of fire,
hide behind the rock and when the blaze dissipates, start attacking the 
tentacle, it will take a while to kill it, but isn't that hard.

You'll get 20k souls for this and a new path will open up. The enemies down
there are really strong and we can't get to the final boss of the area yet, so
go back to the firelink shrine.

Here's yet another video:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Atk-zY3AWw4&feature=youtu.be

++++Firelink Shrine++++ [firsh4]

The first thing you'll notice is that the bonfire is out. If you try to light 
it, you'll get a message saying the keeper is absent, let's go check it out.

When you get down there you can take the dingy clothes set and the black eye 
orb, this will allow us to invade the world of whoever killed her, do you
notice someone else missing down here? You'll get a message when it's time for
payback.

If you haven't bought all pyromancies from Laurentius yet, now is the time to 
do so, if you talk to him he will ask you to show your new pyromancies, you'll
have to agree to go on, but if you leave firelink now, he will be gone forever,
so buy everything.

Now go to where the pool of water was and talk to the serpent-like creature, 
this is Kingseeker Frampt, he will tell you to go to Anor Londo to get the
Lordvessel, our next main objective.

We need to go through Sen's fortress to get there, but head for Andre the
blacksmith first.

When reaching Andre upgrade the falchion we have to +6 using the large titanite
shard we got back in Blighttown, if we find more, we can upgrade it to +10 
oursleves.

Go back up to the bonfire and go through the door here.

++++Sen's Fortress++++ [senfo1]

Walk across the bridge and enter the fortress, if you look down, you will see
a pressure plate, don't stand on it yet.

Instead walk past it on the left side and when you reach the first pillar, wait
You'll see a snake-man like creature coming to you from the far right side of 
the room, wait untill it's in the center, lock on and walk backwards over the 
pressure plate, the spikes should kill it.

If you walk in further you'll alert a second snake. You'll find that the drake
sword doesn't really hurt them, but they are weak to fire, so either backstab
and fireball them, or just use pyromancies, a new weapon is inside this 
fortress, so deal with it for now.

To the right of the door is a soul of a brave warrior.

Go through the door and lay your eyes on what makes this place so nasty,
swinging pendulums on a narrow bridge, before you cross, take out your bow, 
and shoot the snake waiting for you ahead, he'll come running and should get
knocked of by a pendulum. If you get knocked off, you'll take damage and fall
into a pit with a total of 3 lightning shooting demons.

Anyway, on the bridge there will be small parts chipped off it, this is where 
pendulums swing, so move your camera above your head to see how far you have
to walk.

After the first 4 pendulums, a female snake starts shooting lightning at you,
run past the fifth pendulum and from the safety of the windows on the other
side, snipe her.

Follow the path up to another pendulum trap, 4 this time, just cross them 
using the same technique, camera above head to see where you and the pendulums
are.

At the end is another pressure plate, so roll to the side to avoid the darts
and open the chest for 2 large titanite shards.

Continue the only route you can take, cross the bridge, don't go down, we'll
get there later and outside to a new kind of trap, rolling boulders.

Outside the door, go right and down the slope, kill the snakes and talk to the
fat guy, he doesn't say much but after obtaining the lordvessel, this enables
us to get another miracle.

Now go all the way up the slope, into the small room to get the ring of steel
protection, this raises your physical defence so equip it.

From the top of the slope, roll to the corner onto a platform with the shotel,
a unique weapon with the ability to go around shields, pretty usefull when 
upgraded.

Walk back up the slope and go left through the fog. Follow the path and kill
the snake that's hiding to your left.

Wait for the boulder to start going around the corner, and follow it, be 
carefull you don't touch it, it hurts.

Downstairs, stand in the hallway on the left and wait for the pit the boulders
fall into gets full, the next boulder will go through the wall so you can take
the covetous gold serpent ring, this is a great ring as it raises your item
drop rate with 200 points.

Go back and right, and DO NOT try to open the chest, it's a monster that will
eat you if you try, just start slashing and don't stop untill it dies, if for
some reason you can't kill it quick enough, just circle, wait for an attack
and slash. It drops the ligthtning spear, our next weapon, so equip it.

In the back of the room, on the left is an elevator, stand on it and turn 
around. As soon as you can get off, do so. If you are too slow the elevator 
will drive you into spikes on the ceiling, which hurts.

Go up the stairs, through the cell door, if you cross the bridge into the next
room, there will be another cell door, we'll open it later.

Anyway, go down the stairs and up the slope, into a room with a contraption   
that lets you steer the boulders.

Turn it counter-clockkwise once, wait for a boulder to fall, turn it again and
go down the slope. Kill the snake, and go into the newly opened passage.

The guy in the cell is Logan, another sorcerer, with the master key you can
free him. After beating this area's boss he will be at firelink to teach you
sorceries if your int. is at 15 or higher. The item is a soul of a hero.

Now take the route back to the boulder room.

Turn the handle so there will be no boulders falling into the second trap,
This is the one next to a door, and drop down from the right of the broken
pillar, take the large soul of a proud knight and go through the nearest door,
take the black sorcerer set and hush sorcery from the corpse, and open the cell
door up the stairs, now turn around and go back, through the hole in the wall,
and take the slumbering dragoncrest ring. You can drop down further and fight
3 lightning demons or just use a homeward bone and get back to undead parish.

Go all the way back to the boulder room.

To the right of one of the boulder's paths is a door, through the door is
another pressure plate, step on it and move back. Wait untill the spikes are
done and continue.

Follow the path untill you come to the next pendulum bridge, this one is
especially nasty, because you have to get past all 4 at once, just creep up
to the first one as close as possible, and when you get the chance, run like
your life depends on it, oh wait, it really does.

In the next room to the right is another snake, past that snake is a hole in 
the floor, don't fall into it, unless you want to fight 3 lightning demons.

To the left is a she-snake on top of the stairs, kill her but don't go up yet,
instead go past the stairs on the left, to another snake, guarding 2 large
titanite shards.

Now go up the stairs to yet another pendulum trap. This one isn't as nasty
as the last one, but this time there is a she-snake waiting to snipe you on
left, kill her first. Be carefull, you have to take 2 pendulums at a time on 
this one.

When you cross the bridge and go left, there will be nothing there, so go right
and up the stairs, watch out for the pressure plate though and cross the fog.

Praise the sun! We're outside. If you go right here you will come to a knight, 
it's a little stronger than the ones we faced back in Undead Parish, but 
shouldn't pose a problem by now, continue the path to another one guarding a 
flame stoneplate ring.

Go back to were you came from and go left up the stairs this time.

Don't take the items yet, just keep going up untill you have a clear shot at 
the giant throwing fireballs at you, snipe him.

Now go collect the 2 large titanite shards and the large soul of a brave 
warrior. On the level where the soul is, you'll see a piece of broken wall,
jump down to a bonfire. Upgrade your lightning spear as far as possible, if 
you can, upgrade your bow, and upgrade the falchion all the way to +10 if you
can. Now follow the path, drop down to the stairs, and go back outside.

When you get back up to the level where the titanite was, instead of going left
up the stairs, go straight. There will be a big knight waiting, you know the
routine by now, just circle and kill, you can't backstab him.

Continue the path down the ladder and up to a soldier who drops Ricard's 
rapier, I am not sure if you need it for the knights honor trophy, but take it
anyway. At the end of the path is a chest with a divine blessing and a chest 
with a rare ring of sacrifice. Go back to where we sniped the giant.

Go up the stairs and cross the bridge, turn left when you can and jump the gap
to a merchant who sells some good stuff. He sells titanite shards, large 
titanite shards and green titanite shards, whenever you need to upgrade weapons
and need titanite, go here, don't worry he'll be easier to reach in the future.
He also sells arrows, buy at least 150 feather arrows.

In this tower, go all the way downstairs, to a she-snake guarding the cage key.

Go back up, cross the bridge, and when you get to the end go right, left is a 
dead end with nothing there.

In the building open the left cage and step in and immediatey get out, this is
a shortcut from the first pendulum trap.

Go outside, follow the path and kill the sniper. Inside the building, to the
left is fog leading to the boss, to the right is a staircase leading to where 
the giant was, if you didn't die between killing him and getting here there
should be a titanite chunk.

If you go down and right across the bridge, you come to a room where you can
summpn Iron Tarkus if you're human, The coming boss is pretty easy, so don't 
bother.

Go back, go right through the fog and meet the next boss.

+Boss+ Iron Golem

The first thing you'll notice is that the plateau you fight him on is pretty 
small, here also lies the biggest risk: you falling off.

In the center is some sort of broken down wall, try to keep him here.

When the fight starts, he will do some sort of shockwave attack with his axe,
it shouldn't hit you.

Lure him to the center and start circling him up close, with his axe he
shouldn't be able to hit you. Watch out though, if he raises his free hand, he
will do a grab attack, get behind him to avoid. When he raises his leg he will
stomp the ground a few times, back off.

For the rest it's pretty straightforward, just keep poking the same leg over
and over when you can, eventually you'll stagger him, keep poking so he falls
down and poke some more.

If you have an upgraded pyro flame, and also combustion/great combustion, you 
can do some real damage with that as well. 

You'll get 40k souls and the core of an iron golem for beating him.

Here's a visual on how to beat it:

http://www.youtube.com/enhance?feature=wenh&v=ELyeo2i5YFM

Afterwards touch the yellow ring that appeared.

++++Anor Londo++++ [anolo1]

What the f***, get off me, oh wait, you're helping me.

When you're back in control, just follow the path untill you reach a giant 
knight. These guys are real easy, circle them untill they do a shield bash,
then throw a fire orb and poke them some to kill them.

If you look inside the building, you'll see 2 of them, lure the first one out
with your bow, and kill it. Don't waste an arrow on the second one, just go
inside and kill it. In the chest you'll find a demon titanite.

Outside there are 3 ways to go. To the right is an elevator down, straight is
a building with 2 more knights and  2 treasure chests and to the left a 
bonfire, go there first.

The chick standing against the wall is Anor Londo's firekeeper, if you have a 
firekeeper soul, she'll reinforce your estus.

Now go outside and left into the building, there are two giant knights here,
if you stand in the doorway you can snipe them both without them coming to you.

The left treasure chest holds a twinkling titanite, the right one is another
monster, dropping a crystal halberd.

The door to the right leads to another giant and a path to some orange fog we
can't cross yet, so now go to the elevator.

Go down the stairs and outside on the bridge you'll have to fight a gargoyle.
Like the gargoyle boss from long ago, you can cut off it's tail and it will
drop a weapon, don't worry if it fails though, you don't need this one for the 
trophy.

When it's dead, go back to the stairs you came from and drop down to the left
of it, follow the path to a chest with a demon titanite, now turn around, go 
through the archway and climb up on the support beam thing sticking out of
the building to the left. Be carefull you don't fall of, the camera will get
shaky while it is between the pillars.

Go through the broken window and take out the ninja that drops down, and the 
other one in the back.

Climb the ladder and cross the narrow beams, be carefull you don't fall off or 
you'll die. The ninjas up here will throw knives at you when they see you,
just raise your shield and wait, eventually they will come to you so you can
kill them.

About halfway across the beams, you will see an item on a chandelier, break
the chain with your weapon so we can pick up the item later.

At the other end you will see fog and a stairs going down, this is a dead end 
with nothing there so go through the fog.

You'll come to a bridge with an elevator, pull the lever once to go down.

One side leads back to the other elevator and the bonfire past it, the other
side leads to our next destination. If you go down the stairs you come to the
ground floor of the building we just exited, but let's leave that for now and
do that later.

If you pull the lever again you'll go down one more floor leading to a bonfire
and a ring of the sun's firstborn. Remember this place, we'll come back here
later. Pull the lever to make the elevator go back up one level.

You'll get attacked by another gargoyle, put him out of his misery. Up the
stairs will be 2 giants, go to one side of the stairs to lure one out and kill 
it, then go up the stairs and kill the other one.

Stand on the hex-shaped plateau on the right side and snipe the far mini 
gargoyle. It will come to you, these things have a high lightning defence, but
seem to be weak against fire, so fire orb it.

Go through the door and down the stairs, instead of fighting the second one,
just lock on, keep your shield up and endure his attacks, you'll notice you're
pushing it backwards and eventually off the edge, the sucker can't fly. 
Around the corner to the left is another one, do the same.

Now things get tricky, in the building below you are two more non-flying 
demons, on a ledge to the left are two snipers you can't reach yet, but they 
can hit you.

Go down the slope, aggro-ing the demons, turn around and run all the way back
up the slope. The demons can't follow you and from the edge of the slope, the 
snipers can't hit you, so put some arrows in the demons heads.

When they're gone, run down the slope, go left, up the slope with your shield
up.

Time to take care of the snipers, I have read a lot about people luring the
right one into jumping to his death by approaching him, this never worked for
me, so I just shoot him. Here's what to do.

Stand behind the wall untill he stops shooting, go into aiming mode and with
just a small piece of the wall on screen aim your crosshair to be just 
slightly left of him. Now walk right, he'll start shooting, when the center
of your crosshair is on his bow, shoot and get back, you don't have time to 
shoot twice. Wait untill it stops shooting and repeat.

You can also try poison arrows, the success rate is small, but you can just 
wait for him to die if it connects.

I know this isn't a good description, but I don't know how to make it more 
clear, just practice. If you can't get this done there are probably videos
on YouTube showing the luring technique and probably even the shooting
technique.
 
Now for the second one, as you go up the slope, you'll hear him shooting the
pillar, go up on the ledge, and go stand in front of the third window to the 
right, he can't hit you, but you can hit him, enjoy. He guarded a soul of a 
hero.

-cocoloco wrote:
I wanted to suggest an alternative method to dealing with the Sniper Archers in
Anor Londo.
 
Equip the Ring of fog and run up the first ramp. They will not see or fire on 
you. Then peak out the right side first, carefully line up your bow on the 
Archers head and repeatedly keep firing. The shots will stagger him continuosly
and he won't even be able to get a shot off.  Rinse and repeat for left Archer.

so, creds to cocoloco for this- 

Get back on the ledge and follow it around the building untill you can drop 
down and go through the fog. Open the first door on the left and go into the 
room, finally, a bonfire. If your falchion isn't +10 yet, do so now.

Solaire will also be sitting here, make sure to talk to him untill he starts
repeating himself if you want him to keep helping you.

Go back out and open the other door, kill the silver knight, these guys are 
easy, just backstab them once, stand close to them and when they get back up,
poke them untill they die. If any of them in this area drops a silver knight
shield, equip it, it will come in handy against the coming boss. They give 1000
souls for killing them, making this area good for grinding if you need to.

The treasure chest holds 3 sunlight medals.

After exiting the room, go around the stairs, open the door on the left.
The fireplace in this room has a fake wall, downstairs are 4 chests holding
Havel's armor set, his greatshield and the dragon tooth, the fifth chest,
the one with a different color is another monster, it drops the occult club.

Back up and outside we can't open the other door yet, so go up the stairs.

Up the stairs, open the door to your left, kill the knight and take the soul
of a hero. If you look down from the balcony, you'll see another lightning
demon, there is one spot in the area the knight was where you can shoot it.
It's a little hard to find and even harder to describe, so search for it and
kill it. If you want the item it dropped, make sure you don't die.

Through the other door across the hall is nothing.

If you go to either side of the stairs, you will see a treasure chest, both of
them are monsters, one drops 5 silver coins, the other 1 gold coin.

At the end of the hall is another sniper, finish him.

From the sniper the door to the left can't be opened yet, so go right.

Behind the next door is a knight waiting to ambush you, you know what to do.

Up the stairs and outside will be another sniper, kill him but do not go into
the building yet, instead go back to the other side and lure out the knight
in the other building. Kill it and go down the stairs.

If you talked to the fat guy back in Sen's Fortress, he will be standing here
complaining about the knights in the next room. There are 3 of them, 2 you
can see, the third one is hiding behind the door, lure them out and kill them,
being carefull not to hit Siegmeyer.

When the knights are dead, open the chest behind the bed, it holds 2 demon 
titanites, unlock the other door to create a shortcut and go back and talk to 
Sieg, he will give you the tiny being's ring, but more importantly, after
killing the boss, he will be at firelink to give us a miracle that can't be
obtained otherwise.

Go back to the roof and into the building the sniper was at. Down the stairs
will be a door to the left, one to the right and another stairs going up. Go
left first.

This is the room the demon was we sniped earlier, if you haven't died before
coming here, he will have dropped 2 demon titanite.

Through the other door are 2 knights, lure the first one up before killing him.
Then go down, take out the other and open the chests holding the silver knight
armor set. Open the door to create a shortcut, near the bonfire this time, so
go there, rest and reverse your hollowing if needed.

Go back to where you came from taking out the knights as you go and go up the 
stairs to the right.

On the other side of the room you will see a sniper, leave him for now and go
left, up the stairs. If you go through the broken window, you can get to a 
fenced area with the dragonslayer greatbow on a corpse, you will need this to 
get the knights honor trophy, but make sure you have either the homeward
miracle and a talisman or a homeward bone with you because I don't think you
can get back out otherwise.

-Ykks wrote:

A little tip: After obtaining the dragonslayer bow there's an opening to the 
right where you can drop down to the area just outside the new blacksmith (in 
other words, no need to homeward.

So, creds to him-

Past the broken window, before the stairs, go through the door on the left,
all the way downstairs is a giant blacksmith, he can upgrade +10 weapons into
boss soul weapons, this is why we needed the falchion at +10, go there and 
create Quelaag's Furysword. I really love this weapon, it's scaled with 
dexterity and a little with strength, its damage output is on par with the
black knight sword, but its much faster. It is also fire elemental, which can
be a downside against certain enemies, but mostly that doesn't matter.

Upgrade it as far as you can, using demon titanites and go test it out on the
demons outside, oh yeah also take the titanite chunk and open the gate to the 
right of the door to create another shortcut.

You like? Anyway, go back inside the building to the left of the blacksmith is
a chest you can reach by rolling to it, it holds the hawk ring which boosts
the range of your arrows.

By the way, if you have the Uchigatana from the undead merchant and the shards
for it, upgrade this to +10 and then lightning, this will come in handy in the 
future. 

Go back inside, take out the knight and shoot the giants from the stairs.

If you are human you should see a summon sign, again this is sol, so boss 
fight, but before that, if the firekeeper at firelink died, you will now get
a message saying the black eye orb is quivering.

If you use it you'll get teleported to the realm of the murderer, just keep in
mind you are a phantom and therefore the only way to heal is by using humanity,
so make sure you're at full health.

When you use it you will see 3 guys, Lautec, a sorcerer in red and some guy 
with an axe in white. You only need to kill Lautec, so go behind the pillars on
the left side, walk forward untill one of them sees you, cast iron flesh and
target and take out Lautec. When done you'll get a souvenir of reprisal, we'll
need 10 of these to get a miracle from the darkmoon covenant, more on that
later, a firekeeper soul, don't use this to upgrade your estus, instead take 
it to the firekeepers prison and revive her. You also get a ring of favor and
protection and 5 humanity. The ring raises your hp, stamina and max equip load
so equip it, but keep in mind that when you take it off, it breaks, so if you
change rings pay attention.

The boss is quite hard so summon sol.

+Boss+ Dragonslayer Ornstein and Executioner Smough

Like I said, this fight is hard, possibly the hardest in the game.
Either of them alone wouldn't be so bad, but the 2 of them, geez.

What you get at the end of the battle is decided by who you kill first.

The easiest would be to kill Ornstein first, Smough takes his powers and grows,
at the end you get Smoughs soul.

If you take out Smough first, Ornstein gets Smoughs powers, and becomes really 
hard to beat, you'll get Ornsteins soul afterwards.

Here's the thing, you need both souls to create a weapon if you want the 
knights honor trophy, so if this is your first gamecycle, I suggest killing
Smough first now, because in NG+ it's nearly impossible to kill the powered up
Ornstein.

Anyway I'll try to provide a good strategy for both.

Ornstein first:

With sol, just whack away, trying to steer clear of Smough, Ornstein is weak 
against fire so he should go down pretty quickly, just don't go overboard in
your agression, his attacks hurt. When he's dead, take out your bow and start 
walking backwards, if smough attacks, roll out of the way and shoot. Repeat
untill dead.

In patch 1.05 an easier and safer approach would be to equip havel's armor and
go in alone. Ornstein doesn't jump around nearly as much anymore so just close 
in and have at it. Don't worry about Smough too much, his attacks aren't that 
bad. 

Since Ornstein is weak to fire, combustion/great combustion with an upgraded 
flame will destroy him.

Anyway, when Ornie is down, get close to Smough so most of his attacks miss,
and just whack away, keep your weapon in one hand though, whenever he jumps up,
block with your shield to absorb the attack and take the time to heal while
Smough gets up.

Smough first:

Make sure to take sol with you, he should keep Ornstein busy, while you take 
down Smough, circle and attack when you can. If he jumps back off.
Now comes the hard part, Giant Ornstein is no pushover, his attacks hurt, a
lot, and he has lost his weakness to fire.
Try to stay close to him so his attacks go over your head, but be carefull,
if you see lightning on his spear, get out! He will do a grab attack that will 
probably kill you, even at full health. He also has a nasty jump attack that
sends a wave of lightning around him, back off when he jumps. The key here is 
to stay patient and wait out your chance to strike.

Good luck.

When the battle is over you get 50k souls either the soul of ornstein or smough
and ornstein should have dropped the leo ring.

If you need a visual for Ornstein first, check this link:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJf9wu6gb3o

A video on killing Smough first:

Coming soon!

In the back of the room, go up one of the elevators and light the bonfire.

If you killed Lautrec via the black eye orb, you'll find his armor on this 
balcony, close to the wall where you entered the room from.
-Luis Carlos Flores Luna reminded me of this, so creds go to him-

Go through the door and you'll meet Gwynevere, the biggest chick I have ever 
seen, she'll give you the lordvessel, which you need to capture the souls of 
lords that started the shit you live in. It also allows you to warp between 
bonfires, which is going to save us a lot of walking around.

If you talk to her again you can join the Princess's guard covenant and get the
ring of the sun princess. 

You can also kill her to turn Anor Londo dark, which effectively opens it up 
for constant invasions by Darkmoon Blades, players in that covenant who are 
there to kill you.

Be carefull however, as this Anor Londo can pit you against up to 3 people at
once.

Now warp back to firelink.

++++Firelink Shrine++++ [firsh5]

With the firekeeper soul in your possesion, go down to the firekeeper's cell
and return the soul where it belongs, she can even speak now, although she
doesn't want to.

Siegmeyer should now be at the bonfire, talk to him to get the emit force 
miracle.

If you talk to Frampt now, he will tell you to put the lodvessel at the fire 
altar, if you do however, you will lose the chance to join the Darkwraith
covenant later.

Now its time for some sidetrips.

If you go to the elevator to Undead Parish, make sure you take the left one up,
about halfway up, step out onto the ledge.

When you stand on the grass, you will see a tower, if you look down you see a
pillar that is connected to it, from the edge of the grass, you can roll onto
the pillar and get into the tower, it might take some practice to get it right.

Go up the stairs and roll towards the item on the roof, it's the undead
asylum 2f west key. If you look to your right you see the bonfire, walk in that
direction from the edge of the roof, if you look down, you'll see another item,
roll there to get a soul of a lost undead, now get back into the tower.

Go all the way up the stairs this time to reach a birds nest, walk into it and
press x and wait a moment.

++++Undead Asylum++++ [undas2]

Back where it all started. First things first, you might remember the voice
asking for warm and soft at the birds nest. You should now have some items you
may or may not want to trade, anyway here's a list, on the left is what you 
give, on the right what you get.

purple moss clump- twinkling titanite
blooming purple moss clump- 2 twinkling titanite
cracked red eye orb- 2 purging stone
dung pie- demon titanite
egg vermifuge- dragon scale
pendant- souvenir of reprisal
prism stone- demon titanite
pyromancy flame- red titanite chunk
ascended pyromancy flame- red titanite slab
rubbish- titanite chunk
ring of the sun princess-2 divine blessing
sack- demon's great hammer
skull lantern- ring of fog
sunlight maggot- old witch's ring
sunlight medal- white titanite chunk
humanity- ring of sacrifice
twin humanities- rare ring of sacrifice
xanthous crown- ring of favor and protection

-creds for this info go, again, to whoever posted it on darksouls.wikidot.com-

To get the item, drop yours in the birds nest, step back, quit the game from
the menu and reload.

When you're done trading, walk towards the asylum, kill the 4 torch guys that
are dumb enough to come at you one at a time, at the door wait for the two guys
to come to you and walk inside, shit...

+Boss+ Stray Demon

It's the asylum demon's big brother and he's pissed.

This guy isn't much harder to beat though. He has an AOE attack just like 
Quelaag, just get behind him and stay there.

He also has a jumping attack, stay in front of him to avoid it, and when he 
lands, get back behind him.

To put it simply, stay behind him, wait for him to do his AOE attack, walk 
backwards to avoid and attack, that's all there is to it.

When he dies you get 20k souls and he drops a titanite slab.

Anyway, for another vid check this link:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcBU-Ij5cao&feature=plcp

Keep the slab with you, you can use it to upgrade the lightning uchi to +5, if 
you created it and together with the furysword you'll have a powerfull weapon 
for any situation.

Somewhere on the wall, next to a torch, is the ladder out of here(took me 
nearly 20 minutes to find the first time).

From the ladder, go left and jump down on the right, now if you look left, you
will see your cell from the beginning of the game, go there but be carefull,
a black knight will attack you, again, backstab, fireball or orb or whatever,
he should go down easy by now. He'll drop a red titanite chunk and might drop
a black knight sword or shield.

In your cell you'll find the peculiar doll, we need this for our next sidetrip,
so be sure to take it with you.

Now just walk the same route you did in the beginning of the game, untill the
bonfire.

Now you have 2 choices, go right through the gate or take the long way around,
this leads to a fight with another black knight, who will also drop a red 
titanite chunk. Anyway head to the guy that gave you your estus flask, behind
the wall. 

He is now hollow and will attack you on sight. He drops the crest shield, 
needed for the knights honor trophy.

Go up the stairs, but watch out, the boulder is back so dodge it.

Follow the path, but before you jump down to get out. go to the end of the path
where the fog was, open the gate with the key we got from firelink and take the
rusted iron ring. Head back to the bonfire and warp to Darkmoon tomb, if you 
haven't been there, anor londo will do.

++++Anor Londo++++ [anolo2]

Call down the elevator, go up the stairs and go left into the building, it's
the ground floor of the building where we walked on the beams.

Step inside and look around, there are a lot of ninjas here, just lure them to
you and take them out one by one.

On the floor, near the chandelier in the center of the room, is the sorcery 
Great magic weapon, this is why we cut down the chandelier earlier.

All the way in the back on the left side is the black iron armor set and a 
black iron greatshield.

On the wall near here you will see a huge painting, with the peculiar doll, we 
can enter it. Think about if you really want to do this though, you can't 
get back out untill you at least reach the boss. There are some nasty enemies
here but also good treasure and the only spot in the game to farm for souvenirs
of reprisal without going online, we'll need 10 to get a miracle from the
darkmoon covenant later. For the sake of the guide, we'll go there now.


++++Painted world of Ariamis++++ [paiar1]

Follow the path and activate the bonfire. If you have it, attune Great fireball
and Great chaos fireball, there are nasty crow-demon like chicks in this area
and these two will make your life a lot easier, we're also going to spend a lot
of time farming them for souvenirs of reprisal, I'll give you a heads-up when
the time comes.

Head up the stairs, and kill the sword guy, also take out the two guys that
come from the right. Go right yourself, when you see a corpse hanging from a 
rope with an item, take out your bow and shoot the rope. Pick up the humanity
and go up the stairs.

Up the stairs to the right, get your shield up and lock on to the archer,
back off down the stairs and wait for the 2 swordguys that try to ambush you,
teach them not to do that again.

Go up the stairs and take out the 2 archers and the two red-egg-heads you 
probably alerted. Be carefull with these guys, if you kill them with anything
that isn't fire elemental, they will release a poison cloud upon dying.

Take the soul of a proud knight and go back down the stairs.

You should see a path to the right, take it, go up the stairs and take out all
the guys, there are 3 of them. When you reach the top of the tower, take the
soul of a proud knight, but be carefull, 2 of those crow chicks will drop down,
throw a great fireball and slash them once. They are dangerous because the have
a jump and grab attack that will probably kill you, when they jump up, keep 
moving.

Instead of going back the way you came, jump down to a small balcony, opposite 
of the arch, take the dried finger, this will help you get invaded more often
when you're hosting pvp fights. 

Finish the guy that tries to jump you and go down the stairs, kill the rats,
usually these don't attack but they can poison you, and take the soul of a 
brave warrior. 

Go back up the stairs, and up the stairs the guy came from, step outside and 
across the bridge you should see an archer.

Go across the bridge, take out the archer and quickly go right onto the plateau
the archer was standing on, two guys will climb up over the wall and two
egg-heads will come out of the room you just went through.

After killing them, if you turn around and look down, you will see an item on
a ledge, you can't jump there, we'll pick it up from the other side later.

Go back into the room and kill egg-head number three, this might alert another
guy to jump down, it doesn't always happen. To the left of the stairs, go out 
onto the balcony and cut the rope, we'll pick up the item later.

Step back outside to the archers plateau, and jump down. At the bottom kill the
rat, go through the door and in the next room kill the other rats, now go up 
the stairs, killing rats as you go and instead of going up the ladder jump
to the small ledge with the barrels and take the gold coin. Now go up the 
ladder.

When outside, go right, drop down, go into the room, take out the rats and open 
the chest with the painting guardian set. Go outside again, through the other
door and up the stairs.

Follow the path back into the building and take the soul of a brave warrior 
the corpse in the window. Instead of dropping down, follow the path to another
corpse with an egg vermifuge, from here drop down and go outside.

Take the large soul of a proud knight from the corpse and kill the guy that 
tried to guard it. Now turn around and go into the tower.

If you follow the stairs up you'll find the red sign soaptone, just be 
carefull, you will be attacked by 2 crow chicks. If you look down, you will see
a soul of a brave warrior on a ledge, take it if you want.

From the ledge, jump back down to the stairs, and go back outside. Turn right
and go onto the bridge, take the large soul of a proud knight and the 
bloodshield(needed for the knights honor trophy) to wake up the dragon.
Just walk back to the start of the bridge, next to the stairs on the right and
start arrowing him, he'll breathe a poison mist, walk to the right, down the
stairs and arrow some more, untill he starts breathing on the lower level,
go left up the stairs to avoid and keep shooting. Repeat untill dead. He will
drop a dragon scale.

Go back accross the bridge and to the left side of the tower, down the stairs,
watch out for crow-chick and through the fog.

Through the door you'll see a cluster of guys with shields and spears, there's
no real reward nor a notable amount of souls you get for beating them, so 
just leave them.

Run past them on the left side and all the way to the back, open the double 
doors to create a shortcut and rest at the bonfire if needed.

Now from this side, go all the way to the left and back of the area to pick up 
the humanity dropped from the corpse on a rope a while back. Go up the stairs 
and take the ring of sacrifice, down to your right you should see a well, 
climb the ladder down into it.

In this cave like area things get pretty hectic with annoying cartwheel things
messing up your orientation, anyway from the start go forward, at the split 
right, it's the first one, get out of it's path and wait for it to roll into a 
wall, wait for it to stop spinning and kill it, carefull, sometimes they 
surround you from all sides at once and they are hard to see coming.

After killing it, go left, right leads to a dead end, at the next split, go 
left again, turn left and right to another cartwheel. when it's dead go up the
stairs. Kill the lone egg-head to get the pyromancy fire surge.

Go back down the stairs and, again left, you should see a piece of wall with a
different color than the rest, slash it to reveal a passage. At the end turn 
left, watch out for the cartwheel, and take the annex key.

Now turn around and follow the path to another fake wall, you are now back in 
the passage you came from, go left and destroy yet another fake wall.

This leads to an open area with 6 cartwheels, be carefull and take them out.
Take the soul of a brave warrior, turn the handle, opening the door to the boss
area and also take the soul of a proud knight.

Turn right and go up the ladder, up the stairs and turn right, kill the ambush
and take the soul of a proud knight, be carefull of the archer shooting you.

Go back inside and through the door on your right.

You'll recognize the area, now from down the stairs go right into the area
with the corpses on spikes, kill the guys walking around there, if you are 
human you'll get ambushed by a pyromancer named jeremiah, don't give him a 
chance to cast anything and he'll go down easily, you'll get 30k souls,
1 point of humanity and a notched whip.

Take the large soul of a proud knight and 2 souls of a proud knight and from
the entrance to the far right behind the wall the acid surge pyromancy.

If you get out and turn right, under the archway, at the end is a door, with
the annex key you can open it, do so and go up the stairs.

When you come to a split, go left first, up the stairs and kill the egg-head.

Do you see the 2 crow-chicks on the tower? If you approach it, one will come 
down, throw 2 great fireballs at her to kill her without the risk of her 
falling into a hole, she can drop a souvenir of reprisal, now switch to great 
chaos fireball, lock onto the second crowchick and walk up the stairs, as soon
as you're up, throw the fireball, 2 more crows will jump down, with luck, you
will hit all three, immediately throw a second one to wipe them, or ar least
one, out. This is where we are going to farm for souvenirs of reprisal, we need
a total of 10.

What I did was for gear: left hand: shield, talisman
                         right hand: sword, flame
                         magic: great fireball, great chaos fireball, homeward
                         ring: covetous gold serpent ring, whatever.
From the bonfire, run past the first guy, into the annex, take a left, kill
egghead, lure out crow, fireball twice, switch to chaos, start spamming it on
the other crows, switching back to normall fireball when the chaos ran out,
and finally after they died and picked up possible loot, used homeward back
to the bonfire. 
  
It might seem, at first, they are never going to drop anything, but at some
point the drop rate seems to get better somehow, almost as if the game 
realizes you're farming and decides to help you or something.

It might just be me but the same thing happened for me when I was farming the
weapons for the knights honor trophy, for the last 2 or 3 every first enemy
dropped it.

Anyway, all in all it took me about 2,5-3 hours to get 10 of them, and don't 
forget to take the vow of silence miracle. This also gave me around 350k souls.

When you are done, go down  from the tower and take the stairs to the left,
go left again and take the grand cleric set.

Now go back to the split, go the other way and take the dark ember, this allows
you to create occult weapons from a divine +5 weapon, this one also goes to
Andre.

On the way here you passed some wooden planks against the wall, near the split,
slash them and cross the bridge to take Velka's rapier, again a weapon needed
for the knights honor trophy.

We now have done almost everything we can here, only the boss is left, so rest
at the bonfire and attune firestorm.

Take the shortcut into the tower, past the cluster of guys and across the 
bridge past the newly opened gate, there are a few enemies here and a big
knight, but he doesn't drop anything usefull, so just run past and through the
fog.

+Boss+ Crossbreed Priscilla.

When you enter she will say a few words, and let you decide if you want to
fight her or not. Ultimately it's your decision, but she will drop her soul
and you can cut off her tail for Priscilla's dagger, you guessed it, another
trophy weapon.

Let's just kill her.

Start by putting firestorm in your casting box, walk behind her and slash her
tail, she will become hostile and turn invisible.

Walk to the center of the area and cast firestorm, this should make her 
reappear. Technically, hitting her enough with anything will make her reappear
eventually, but it can be hard since the only way to tell where she is, is
by looking for footsteps in the snow and she is quite fast with attacking.

When she has reappeared, lock onto her, circle and start hitting her tail.
When it comes off, just keep going, you don't want to give her a chance to
attack you, her attacks cause bleed status, which hurts.

When she is one hit away from dying and her tail isn't off yet, this sometimes
happens, don't risk it, quit to the menu to start back at the fog and try 
again.

When she is dead you'll get 30k souls and the soul of priscilla.

For a visual on how to beat her check this link:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iw967IdIoo4&feature=youtu.be 

Take the Xanthous set from the left side of the bridge and jump back down to
Anor Londo, from here warp to daughter of chaos, and head for the great hollow.

Before you go, make sure you have at least 3 purple moss clumps. When you get
near the entrance, you'll see Sieg a little further, talk to him and answer 
yes to give him the clumps and get the pierce shield.

Now warp to firelink and from there go to darkroot garden.

++++Darkroot Garden++++  [darga2]

From the entrance go to  the bonfire near the crest door. Don't go through the
door, but instead, go around the broken piece of wall to the right of it.

Follow the path and when you reach the fog, turn right, take the large soul of
a nameless soldier and waste the 3 trees that ambush you, go through the fog.

See the giant on the floor ahead of you? If you come close enough, he will
get up, so just put him down again. 
He has a spell that slows your movement, but the spell will be removed as soon
as it dies, by now you should be able to kill him before he even has a chance 
to cast it.

Go towards the item and take out the 2 giants and 4 trees that ambush you,
then take the elite knight set. move back towards the entrance.

A little to the left of it you should see a large tree, and if you pan your
camera a little, you'll see a path behind it, slash the tree.

Follow the path and take out the red frog like thing, honestly I don't know
what it can do to you, they never survive long enough to do anything.

Anyway, continue the path and take out the next tree, stick to the right wall
and when you get to a door, go in and follow the stairs up, take out the giant,
and at the end take the wolf ring. Go back to the area with the elite knight 
set.

When you get there, with the entrance to your left, go straight, you'll see
a narrow path, take it, and at the end take the partizan and kill the tree you
have awakened.

From the start of the narrow path turn left about 45 degrees and walk untill 
you get to some ruins, kill the giants as you go, and go in the tower, go up to
the next boss.

+Boss+ Moonlight Butterfly

This fight takes place on a narrow bridge.

When she flies in, take out your bow and start shooting, she has 3 attacks,
all of which can be avoided by rolling into the side of the bridge she is on,
you just need to time it right, but by now her attacks shouldn't hurt much 
anymore anyway.

At some point, she will take a rest on the side of the bridge, take your sword
in two hands and start slashing. Pretty easy right?

for killing her you get 10000 souls and the soul of the moonlight butterfly.

Her you can find another video, this time killing the Butterfly.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCJGqlqfjxs&feature=plcp

- Ultimate_Finale wrote: at the bottom of the tower before the fog, if you
slash the bush in the corner, you can summon witch Beatrice to make the fight
even easier, so creds to him for this-

Go into the next tower and when you reach the top take the watchtower basement 
key and the divine ember. This allows you to modify a +5 weapon into a divine
weapon, we need one for an area later. Take this ember to Andre.

Go back to firelink and from there into undead burg.

++++Undead Burg++++ [undbu4]  
  
Head to the tower right before fighting the Taurus Demon way back in the 
beginning. Remember the door I told you to skip? Open it now and go down the
stairs, you'll get attacked by a big knight with a huge club, this thing hurts,
so be carefull and take him out, he drops Havel's ring.

++++Darkroot Basin++++ [darba1]

Go through the door, you might recognize the area, we have been here to get the
long bow, way back. Anyway, ahead you'll see an item, its a large soul of a 
nameless soldier.

To your right, you'll see 4 big crystal golems, lure them to you one by one,
but stay behind some cover, at the end in the lake is another hydra, this one
we can't make suicide, but there is a real easy way for this one too.

After the golems are gone, go toward the lake, staying on the right side of 
the area. Near the lake, you'll see a tree with a rock behind it.
If you stand at the exact right area, a few steps behind and a little to the 
right of the center of the rock, you can snipe it's heads through the tree, 
and it can't hit you, You'll get a dragon scale and a dusk crown ring for
beating it.

Now take the knight armor set from the lake.

Our next destination would be straight ahead from here, but if you do that, 
you'll get in deep water and drown, so head for the waterfall first, you might
want to equip the rusted iron ring.

From the waterfall, head to the back of the lake, sticking to the wall,
when you can go left, quit the game from the menu and reload, this will spawn
a golem at the end of this path, kill it and see what happens.

This lovely lady is Dusk of Oolacile. If you go back to where you fought the
hydra, you'll see a summon sign where you can summon her. She sells sorceries,
one of which is very usefull in an area not too far in the future, cast light,
buy at least that and if you don't have a catalyst, buy one from her too.

Now, quit your game and reload, all the way in the back where you met Dusk,
will be her clothing set, along with a very usefull piece of equipment: the
Dusk crown.

Although the description onle says it boosts sorceries, it also boosts 
pyromancies and miracles, so it's very usefull.
 
Go back to the waterfall and just before it go right and up the ladder, cross 
the bridge, and take the soul of a brave warrior, all the way in the back.
Turn around and go up the ladder you just passed.

From here, you can take 2 routes, follow the ledge back into our farming area,
or cross the bridge. Cross the bridge.

Here you'll fight 3 giant black panthers, first 1, then 2 at the same time.

They aren't hard to beat just use standard circling tactics, you might want to
cast iron flesh after beating the first one and just start slashing, but it's
not necessary. They do have a nasty grab attack though, which really hurts.

When they're gone, move to where they came fron and take the large soul of a 
brave warrior and go left towards the glowing flower. If you look slightly 
right, you will see a bridge, this leads to the next boss, but don't go there 
just yet.

Instead, go left into the open area, and ignore the small mushrooms, ahead near
a pond are 2 large ones guarding a treasure, snipe them out.

Open the treasure chest to get the enchanted ember, this is used to upgrade
a +5 magic weapon into an enchanted one, take this to Rickert in New Londo
Ruins, we're going there in a little while.

Go further into the area, untill you come to some ruins, first go behind it to
get the stone armor set from the treasure chest, now go in.

Past the bridge you'll see a cat in the window, talk to it to join the forest
hunter covenant. This causes the guys we grind to stop attacking us, but the
covenant is easily broken by just attacking one.

Right next to this building is Shiva of the East, if you talk to him and go to
Blighttown, near the waterwheel, he will be there to sell weapons and teach you
a gesture. Hiding behind him is a ninja, who, when killed will drop the dark
wood grain ring.

Now head towards the fog and our next bossfight.

+Boss+ Great Grey Wolf Sif

This thing isn't too hard to beat, but watch out for it's attacks, they hurt.

His two main attacks are swipes with his sword.

When he takes the sword in his mouth with the edge pointing forward, he'll do
a spin attack, just back off.

When he takes his sword in his mouth with the edge pointing to the side he'll
do a swipe, this can be one, two or three swipes. After the first swipe, roll
forward, between his front legs and start slashing untill he jumps away.

Get close and wait out his next move. He also has a jump attack which you can 
block and some sort of backflip, also blockable.

That's pretty much it, it might take some practice to get this done though.

I have seen videos on YouTube from people who drive him into a corner, get 
under his head so he can't go anywhere and can't hit you, but I never got this
to work. If you can, it's even easier.

When he is almost dead, he'll start limping, almost making you feel sorry for 
him. I have heard rumors you can let him escape, but I can't get it done,
so I don't think it's true.

When he dies you get 40k souls, the covenant of artorias and the soul of Sif.
  
Also take the hornet ring from behind the large tombstone.

For a video on how to do this copy this link:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jzw0q_GJBIw

Now head back all the way to the start of this area.

As soon as you get out of the lake, stay on the right-hand wall.

You'll get to the winding path from where we took the long bow, go all the way
down this time. You'll get attacked by a black knight, I won't bother telling
you what to do with this guy, and just past him is a cave, don't enter it yet, 
but go down a little further and take the grass crest shield. 

This shield is really usefull, since it has an effect that restores your 
stamina faster than it normally would, so equip it.

Go back up, enter the cave and rest at the bonfire, follow the path and enter

++++Valley of Drakes++++ [valdr1]

When you enter, you'll see a, well I guess it's a drake, don't approach it,
just take out your bow and snipe it, if something goes wrong, just get close 
and lure it into doing a head-butt. Block and counter, getting some distance if
your stamina gets low.

A little further ahead, there is one more on a bridge and past the bridge 
another 3, take them all out.

Take the brigand armor set and spider shield from the corpse on the bridge, and
on the other side climb the ladder onto the tower to the right of the huge
doors we can't open yet, anyway take the red tearstone ring, go back down and
back across the bridge.

When you get back, go right. There is one more drake to deal with, as soon as 
it sees you, lock on and start moving back. At some point it can't follow you
any further, so get out of it's breath range, take out your bow and shoot it.

Now just follow the path untill you see another dragon guarding a few items.
It won't do anything untill you take the items, but it's attacks hurt, so
before you even go there, keep some distance, take out your bow and, well, by
now you know the rest. You get a dragon scale when it's done.

Now take the soul of a proud knight,dragon crest shield and astora's straight 
sword, both needed for the trophy.

Continue the path and cross the bridge. The cave to your left leads into
Blighttown, the only noteworthy item to get there now would be the key to
New Londo Ruins, across the bridge, but with the master key you don't need it,
so just cross the bridge.

Going right leads to a dead end with nothing there, left is a large soul of
a nameless soldier, and the above named door, go through it.

++++New Londo Ruins++++ [nelor1]

Before we explore the area, go left towards another gate, go up the stairs to 
the right, and take the soul of a nameless soldier, go up the stairs, follow
the path and pull the lever to call the elevator.

Ride it up back to firelink and rest at the bonfire.

Go all the way back down now and when you're back down, go forward and right.

When you see a guy lying on the floor, go left down the stairs and talk to
Rickert of Vinheim in his cell. This is another blacksmith, this one can
modify your weapon into a magic one, very usefull with an int. build, but
not so much for us. You can also give him the enchanted ember we picked up back
in darkroot, with a +5 magic weapon Rickert can enchant it. He also sells some
sorceries and a catalyst.

Go back up the stairs and follow the right hand wall to another door, go 
through it and follow the path. You'll see a corpse in a vase, detroy it to get
2 transient curse.

Up ahead is a ghost infested area, they can only be hurt if you are either 
cursed by a frog or are under influence of a transient curse, they can also
be bought from the merchant in the cell in undead burg if you run out.

Continue the path, and when you are at about halfway across the second bridge,
use a tc. Kill the ghosts, this should be easy with the furyblade. Now turn
around and you will see an item on an island in the water. There is a narrow 
path leading to it, just be carefull, you'll be ambushed by 3 ghosts. The item
is a firekeeper soul. Now head back and go up the stairs.

When you reach the top you'll get ambushed by 2 ghosts, get used to this, it 
happens all the time around here, anyway just follow the path.

When you get inside again, you'll see a ghost in the distance, don't go there 
yet, first kill the ghost on your left, then walk in and be ambushed by 4 
this time.

When the ghosts are toast, continue and go down the stairs, at the end of the 
path, take the parrying dagger guarded by a ghost in the wall, move back and
turn left. Follow the path, past the fog, killing ghosts as you go, and take
the 2 tc. Now go through the fog.

Go up the stairs, kick down the ladder, take the soul of a nameless soldier,
and kill the ghost on the roof.

From the item, go back and turn right, at the split, go left down the stairs.

When you reach the door, wait a while, a lot of ghosts will attack you, be
carefull and take them out. Now go inside.

Go left, down the stairs and follow the path to get a cursebite ring, a lot of
ghosts will follow you on the way there, so deal with them.

Now go back all the way to the entrance of the building. Go to the door on your
left, and through the door in front. and take the soul of a proud knight.

Turn around and move back, now take the door to your right, again you'll be
ambushed by some ghosts.

When they're gone, go into the fireplace and climb the ladder, on the roof,
talk to Igward, With the lordvessel, he'll give you the key to the seal.
He will also sell you the resist curse sorcery and remove your curse if 
you are cursed.

Go back down and back to the entrance of the building. Before exiting, go right
down the stairs, and this time go left through the door we walked past earlier.

Go down the stairs to the left first to take the green titanite shard.

Turn around, up the stairs and take the large soul of a nameless soldier.

Continue the path and go up the staiors to your right and take the humanity.

Now go down and enter the tower. Go upstairs first to take the composite bow 
and 16 large arrows. Go back downstairs, all the way, go through the gate and
pull the lever.

Pull the lever just outside the gate to make an elevator come up.

Take it down, walk outside and kill the knight that comes running. These guys 
really annoying, they're aggressive, hit hard and have a magic shield and an
AOE attack, luckily they are also easily backstabbed.

When you're done playing, go through the door on your left and up the stairs.

Follow the path untill you come to a hut, go in and when you take the large 
soul of a proud knight, another knight will attack you, lure him back to the
open area and waste him.

Continue inside and go through the fog. In this room are 2 knights and a giant
blob, first lure out the knights one by one, just listen, you'll alert the 
first one by just walking inside, you can hear him coming, for the second one 
turn left.

The blob is on the right, lure him with you, he can't go outside the room, so
just lock on and start shooting.

When it's gone go inside the building, but look out, the blob may have spawned
red glowing skulls, which explode when you get close enough, they are easily 
avoided by just moving back.

Inside move right, be carefull, in the last hut to the right is another knight.

In the back, take the humanity, and go through the right door.

Follow the path to get a soul of a brave warrior, turn around and before going 
down the stairs, turn left. Follow the path and go up the stairs, this takes
you to a chest with the very large ember. Give this to Andre and you can 
upgrade standard weapons to +15. Now go back to the blob room.

The other door takes you back upstairs, to the area with th first ghost ambush,
so go past the huts and through the door on the right.

In this area, be very carefull, there are a lot of knights here and you don't
want to be surrounded by them, keep your shield up and your eyes open at all
times.

First go left and take the large soul of a proud knight, keep going forward.

From the stairs, go left and take the 6 cracked red eye orb,
  
On the stairs, take the large soul of a proud knight, and enter the building.

Inside are 2 knights and a blob, take them out. In the back of this room on
the right side is a chest with a titanite chunk, take it, go through the door
on the other side and through the fog.

Now equip the covenant of artorias ring, set iron flesh in your castbox and
go down the stairs. Fall down at the end.

+Boss+ Four Kings

As soon as you hit the floor, the fight will start, but don't do anything yet.

Turn the camera around untill you see a figure coming toward you.

Run to it and when you get near, cast iron flesh. Now just start whacking.

As the name sort of implies, there are 4 of these guys, they will come at you
with a little time in between, so the key here is to get rid of them as soon
as you can, just ignore all of their attacks, they don't really hurt, just keep
attacking.

If something goes wrong and you are surrounded by more than 2 at once, just
stay up against the one you are locked on to and the other ones won't really 
bother you.

If you can't beat them because their attacks stagger you too much to have the 
time needed to take them out quickly, consider equipping havel's armor set
to raise your poise insanely.

For killing them you get 60k souls and the Bequeated lord soul shard.

For another video check this link:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtgCunjJmfk

-Wassim Rachwani wrote:
Four kings : I just equipped havels set, with combustion and great combustion 
set, ran up close and hugged it as close as possible ( make sure you run as 
much as you can when it spawns, as you dont want to be still running to it when
it begins attacking. This is, esseantially, the most important part of the 
fight, just get up close and spam those combustions and you should kill it 
quick enough that you actually have to wait for the others to respawn) 

creds to Wassim for this-

If you haven't taken the Lordvessel to the fire altar with the help of Frampt
yet, Darkstalker Kaathe will appear next to the bonfire. If you take the
lordvessel to the fire altar with his help, you get to join the darkwraith 
covenant and get the dark hand, needed for the trophy. If you give him 30
humaniy you'll get the armor and sword the knights around here have, you don't
need this for the trophy though. Anyway, what you do is up to you, but know
that if you join this covenant, Frampt will get angry and disappear.

When you are done here teleport back to firelink and go to andre to give him
the very large ember and upgrade the composite bow as far as possible.

If you need titanite shards or large titanite shards, teleport to Anor Londo,
and walk back to the yellow ring, to fly back to Sen's Fortress, from here, go
to the merchant and buy them. Also, while you are at Andre, make sure to get a
+5 divine weapon, first upgrade a weapon to +5, then modify it into divine,
this takes green titanite shards, sold by the mechant at Sen's.

At firelink, make absolutely sure the Lordvessel is placed at the fire altar,
either through Frampt or Kaathe, buy everything from Petrus if you haven't 
already and kill him. We will meet our next miracle seller before we get back
to firelink, and if Petrus is still alive after we beat the next lord, and 
before we get back to firelink, he will kill her.

Go down to the firekeeper to upgrade your estus with the firekeeper soul from
New Londo.

Also attune the cast light sorcery and make sure you have a catalyst, any will
do. We don't need it quite yet, but it's easy to forget and it's a long walk
from the last bonfire before the area we do need it.

Now go to the skeleton graveyard, they are easy to kill by now. Collect all the
items, equip your divine weapon and go into....

++++The Catacombs++++ [thcat1]

The skeletons in here aren't much stronger than their counterparts outside, but
if you kill them with anything other than a divine weapon, they'll just come
back to life.

When you enter, be carefull, there will be exploding skulls floating around the
stairs, they can knock you off.

Proceed down, taking out the skellies, untill you get to the bottom and a hole 
the wall to your left.

Enter to find a sorcerer, a lever and a bonfire. These sorcerers are the ones 
reviving the skeletons. If you take one out, the skeletons in the area will
no longer come back to life, but since I'm not sure where the boundaries are
between the areas, let's just keep our divine weapon untill the boss.

When you are done with the bonfire, pull the lever and proceed.

When you get outside, you can see the next sorcerer on a ledge in the distance,
snipe him and follow the path, killing the skellies. Cross the bridge into
a cave area.

Just go around the only path you can take, untill you reach the archer, again,
killing the skellies as you go.

When you get to the archer, take it and the other skeleton out and take the
large soul of a nameless soldier.

Take the path outside and follow it all the way to the back to take the soul of
a proud knight, now move back a little and push the lever you just passed.

If you move further back, you'll have created a bridge with 2 skeletons and a 
sorcerer inside the cave, do what you have to. If you go right here, and drop
down the hole you'll come to a room with a lizard, follow the path to a ladder 
leading to another drop, this takes you back outside, near the lever.

Go back into the cave and go straight this time, go down the stairs, kill the 
skelly in the room to your right, and continue down. Take the soul of a proud 
knight from the second room, and another soul of a proud knight from the third.

From the third room, search for the stairs further down and go into the fourth
room, with another sorcerer and another lever, push it.

This opens the gate you probably saw next to the third room, if you continue
down from the room with the lever, you'll eventually come to another blacksmith
who will create a shortcut to the next boss, but we don't have any business 
with him for now, so let's just go through the gate.

If you go straight here, be carefull, it's a very short stairs. If you pan the 
camera a little, you'll see a piece of land below you. Jump down and look left
to find the great scythe. Jump down again and you'll be back at the last lever 
you pulled.

Go up, through the gate and left this time, 

When you get outside, to your right you'll see a fog gate you can't get to,
to your left is a fake wall with a bonfire, go there first. Back outside from 
the bonfire, to your left is a ladder, climb it to reach a lever that creates
a bridge to the fog.

Now go back down and through the fog.

Go down and kill the skellies, to your left you will see a door leading ouside,
You'll also see a wall that is missing a few bricks, hit it and go through.

Drop down and kill everything, at the end of the path is the darkmoon seance
ring, take it. If you turn around, to your left will be a hole in the wall, go
through it to reach another sorcerer.

When you get to the room where you can jump back down to where you came from,
look right and climb the ladder, this takes you to the tranquil walk of peace
miracle. Don't drop down the hole or you'll have to go through most of the area
again.

Instead go back down the ladder and jump down to where you came from, go
outside and follow the path and go into the large room.

In the back of this room is another lightning demon, kill it. It guarded 3
eyes of death. With this we can join the Gravelord servant covenant.
You'll get the Gravelord Sword(for the trophy) and the gravelord sword dance
miracle upon joining, and the gravelord greatsword dance miracle after giving
10 eyes of death. They can be farmed from the curse frogs, we'll be able to buy
3 more in the near future, but will have beaten the gravelord by then, so you
might want to postpone this untill NG+.

Anyway, here's how to join. A little bit back and to your right will be an open
coffin. If you lay in there for a while, you'll be taken to Nito, talk to him
to join. After joining, go back to the coffin to get back to the catacombs.

Walk back a little and go through the hole in the wall, take the large soul of
a nameless soldier and kill the skellies that came up the ladder. Go down it.

From here, try to approach the large coffin and drop into a hole. You'll be
ambushed by a black knight who drops a white titanite chunk, also take the soul
of a proud knight and jump down into a cartwheel infested area.

When you are done killing the cartwheels continue the path and go through the
fog, equip your furysword and prepare for an insanely difficult battle.

+Boss+ Pinwheel

Sorry, I was just kidding about the difficult part, This guy will create 
copies of himself and teleport around the room, but honestly, if you die
here at this point in the game, you're doing something wrong.

Just run up to him and start attacking, he'll go down in only a few swipes.

For beating him you get 15000 souls, the rite of kindling, which allows you to
kindle bonfires up to giving 20 estus and he will drop a mask of either the
father, mother or child.

For a video on how to do this, check:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGYGUnVpxBg&feature=plcp

Go up the stairs on the right and follow the path.

++++Tomb of the Giants++++ [tomgi1]

Before we start, I hate this area. Therefore, this guide will take you to the
important items and the easy to reach ones, but I won't go out of my way to
get everything. If you want the items I don't mention, you're on your own.

When you get up the stairs you'll notice that it's really dark here, so equip
a catalyst and cast cast light to be able to see a little better.

Before you go to the glowing orb, go left across the roof into a cave to get
a soul of a proud knight.

Now go to the orb and follow the path. The giant skelleton is easily taken down
with fire orb, so get to it.

Continue the path, go down the 2 coffins and kill the 2 giants. Follow the path
and you'll see a guy, don't talk to him yet, go left first.

Go down the ladder and activate the bonfire, kindle it all the way up to 20
and go back up the stairs, go right untill you reach a square hole, drop down
and before you drop further, cast iron flesh. There are 6 giants here, take 
them out and take the soul of a brave warrior and the large divine ember.
Take this to Andre and he will upgrade your divine weapon to +10. Now head
back to the bonfire.

From here, go up to the guy we didn't talk to yet, this is Patches, if you
played Demon's Souls, you'll have an idea what's about to happen.

When he asks if you are a cleric say no, or he'll turn hostile, agree to look
down and.....

You son of a crackwhore!

Anyway, take the 2 large soul of a proud knight and the skull lantern, if you
don't have cast light, use this to see. Walk around a bit to find Rhea of
Thorolund, who will tell you about 2 hollows walking around here, they are not 
too tough so kill them. Rhea will give you the replenishment miracle if you
talk to her and will be at Undead Parish near where the firekeeper soul was
after beating the next boss.

When that's done follow the path forward and out of here, the pillar looking 
things are easily taken down by approaching them, baiting them to attack,
back off and when the attack ends slash them, repeat untill they die.

Go up the ladder and turn right, you'll recognize the area, rest at the 
bonfire, and return to Patches. Now, I know what you want to do, but don't
do that, yet, after beating this area's boss he will be at firelink to sell
some things we want, after buying that we'll kill him. For now just agree with
him that you're both jolly undead, whatever that means.

Follow the path to meet a new friend, giant doggies or whatever they are, just
fire orb them. They are pretty nasty to take on with your sword.

Go through the fog, but be carefull, you'll be ambushed by a black knight while
an archer is shooting you, lure him back and take him out. He'll drop a white
titanite chunk. In this area there are also 2 dogs, kill them and the archer,
then take the soul of a brave warrior.

-in patch 1.05 the black knight is moved to guarding the effigy shield-

If you jump down here, you'll come to a ledge with the silver serpent's ring
but you'll need to teleport back to the bonfire or die to get back from it.

From the archer, go down the slope and go right to reach the effigy shield,
again needed for the trophy, go back and through the other archway.

Go down the slope and kill the giant and the dog. Turn left, stay on the left 
wall and turn left again to reach a bonfire. If you need to, reverse your 
hollowing to meet another black phantom ahead.

From the bonfire, go down the slope, take the white titanite chunk and kill 
those pooches.

Follow the path down and go down the ladder, again, follow the only path you
can take, untill you get a message you are invaded, go back to the area without
the possibility to fall of the edge and wait for Leeroy, kill him to get 1
point of humanity, 2 humanity items, the grant and the sanctus, both needed 
for the trophy and 21k souls.

Follow the path and kill the enemies. After killing the skeletons, things will
get chaotic.

Remember the boss from the catacombs? This area is full with clones of it.

Walk around killing them untill you reach some red scaffolding with a fog gate
behind it, don't go through it yet, instead, you just passed a cave, go into
it and follow the path to a white titanite slab, now go through the fog.

+Boss+ Gravelord Nito

When the fight starts, stay where you are, if you go into the cave, you will
alert some giants.

Nito will send small skeletons at you, take them down. Unless you kill them
with a divine weapon, they will revive, but don't bother just keep killing
them with your normal weapon untill Nito himself shows up.

If you hear screaming, roll away, a giant sword will come out of the ground.

As soon as you see Nito, cast iron flesh, ignore the skeletons and start 
slashing, he's weak against fire, so he'll go down quickly. When he does,
so will the skeletons.

For beating him you get 60k souls and the lord soul.

Here's a video on how to do this:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQn9hpHUAtI&feature=youtu.be 

Go to the bonfire and warp to firelink. From here, go towards the graveyard 
area and talk to Patches, buy his 3 eyes of death and anything else you may 
want and then take revenge on this bastard. He'll drop 4 humanity and a 
crescent axe, again needed for the trophy.

Take the elevator to Undead Parish and talk to Rhea, buy anything you want, and
continue to andre, give the ember you just got and then warp to darkmoon tomb.

++++Anor Londo++++ [anolo3]

Equip the darkmoon seance ring we got in the catacombs and walk past the now
disappeared statue. On the floor you'll see 4 things, stand in the square they
form and kneel to join the darkmoon covenant to get the blue eye orb and the
darkmoon blade covenant ring. If you have 10 souvenirs of reprisal offer them
to get the darkmoon blade miracle. If you don't have them, but aim to do so
in this playthrough DO NOT ENTER THE FOG YET!!!!!, as this will break the
covenant and pit you against Gwyndolin, the leader of the covenant.

For the sake of this guide I will assume you have the souvenirs, and offered
them, so step through the fog.

+Boss+ Dark Sun Gwyndolin

When the fight starts, run towards him, he will teleport himself backward.

He will now do 1 of 3 things, he'll fly up in the air shooting arrows, zig-zag
around them and slash a few times untill he dissapears again.

He will shoot homing soul arrows, just wait behind a pillar untill he stops.

Or he will shoot a huge soul arrow, you will know he's going to do this when
he raises his catalyst, and the blue glow meaning he's going to cast something,
stays above his head for a few seconds. Just walk towards him and as soon as 
it is cast, roll to the side. You have to be quick though, it travels fast and 
hurts.

As you can see, the best time to lay on the hurt is when he starts shooting 
arrows, run up to him and slash him untill he dissapears.

For beating him you get 40k souls and the soul of Gwyndolin.

For a visual on this, check:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHrstwhhE70

Afterwards, you can continue into the tomb of Gwyn, where you can find the
sunlight blade miracle, the brass armor set, and an empty chest.

If you want another firekeeper soul, go to the first bonfire, where Anor 
Londo's firekeeper is, she will now attack you, so kill her.

When you get back outside, turn left. Inside the building, kill the giant 
knights, go outside through the right hand door, kill the next one and follow
the path.

++++The Duke's Archives++++ [dukar1]

If you look inside the hallway you'll see a huge boar, get it's attention, walk
backwards and fire orb it. If you move further in you'll see a second one 
behind a corner, do the same.

Activate the bonfire to your left and go up the stairs, pull the lever to move
the elevator.

As soon as you get upstairs, you'll get attacked by a crystal soldier, these 
guys aren't much harder than the normal ones, but they hit hard, so be
carefull not to get overwhelmed.

Walk inside with your shield up, there is an archer on the stairs, and more
soldiers downstairs, lure them back to the elevator so you can take them out
without being shot.

Go up the stairs to take out the archer, but be carefull, there is another 
soldier to protect him, when fighting you'll probably alert yet another
soldier in the next room. Also take out the golem here, who drops the broken
pendant, needed to get into the DLC area.

About that next room, there is a sorcerer inside it, who will teleport away
onto the stairs if you attack him, and more soldiers will attack you, so be
carefull.

Attack the sorcerer and go hide behind the bookshelves to take out the 
soldiers, then go under the stairs to take out the last one and take the soul 
of a brave warrior. Move up the stairs, take out the sorcerer, the archers and
the soldier waiting for you.

Upstairs on the left side of the room is a chest with 1 twinkling titanite.

On the right side are 2 more soldiers, snipe them, and kill the treasure 
monster in the back on the balcony, it drops a crystal knight shield.

Walk back and go through the door on your right, kill the soldiers and take
the twinkling titanite from the corpse. Now go up the elevator.

Upstairs, go into the hallway on the right to be attacked by a large soldier,
he's easy, just lure him back to the open and backstab/fire orb him.

In this hallway there is a lizard, kill it and at the end, go through the fog.

+Boss+ Seath the Scaleless, part 1

Don't waste any energy on this fight, you can't win. Just let yourself die.

-BrianMX34 wrote:

I've been going through your guide and there's one suggestion that I think it 
might be good to add. The part where you encounter Seath the Scaleless for the 
first time is impossible to win and you must die, as you stated in your guide. 
However, I noticed in your guide that you said, "I hope you weren't too 
attached to your souls or humanity, because they're gone for good." When I read
this and thought wow that sucks because I had a lot of souls and humanity that 
I was quite attached to then it hit me, Ring of Sacrifice! I think it'd help 
people out if you suggested at that part of the guide that they equip it so 
that they can keep all their stuff and not lose it unnecessarily like I almost 
did. 

So creds to him-

I hope you weren't too attached to your souls or humanity, because they're
gone for good.

You'll wake up in a cell, in the cell with you are 3 soldiers, take them out.

Guarding your cell door is a snake-guy, you might remember from Sen's Fortress.
Slash him to make him drop the key( took me half a day to figure out the first
time).

Step outside and go right, you'll see 2 other snakes running away, kill the 
cowards.

From a huge cell downstairs, there will be jellyfish-like creatures released,
kill them as you run into them, be carefull of their grab move.

Anyway, start walking down the stairs, in the first cell on your right is a
soldier, kill him if you want.

You can't open the second cell yet, the third cell holds two more soldiers,
and you can jump down to the fourth cell, which holds another soldier and the
archive prison extra key, with this you can open the second cell.

This holds a large soul of a brave warrior.

When you get downstairs, you'll come to a large, empty room, exept for a huge
cell with two more jellyfishes, kill them to get the soothing sunlight and
bountifull sunlight miracles.

Behind bars you'll find logan who has managed to get himself captured again,
when we find the key, we'll come back for him.

To the right of this cell is a ladder, climb it to find 2 snakes and a she 
snake, kill them and open the chest to get the archive tower giant door key.

Go all the way back up the stairs, and up the ladder at the end to open the 
door out of here.

By the way, you can pull the lever to make the annoying sound stop, but it
will close the doors that held the jellyfishes.

When you step outside, there will be a soldier waiting to ambush you on the
right and an archer on the left, hiding behind a corner with the archer, is
another soldier, deal with them.

Go up the stairs, into the building and a sorcerer will start shooting you,
snipe him if you want.

Inside to your left is another sorcerer, who will teleport when attacked, go 
left and snipe him. Don't go down the stairs yet, instead head into the other
room.

Take out the soldier hiding on your right and the archer on the balcony, then
go up the stairs and take out the archer on your right and the soldier trying
to sneak up on you. Also snipe the archer on the other side.

Go back to halfway down the stairs and turn the lever to make the stairs 
rotate. While it's rotating walk down amd don't stop, however weird it may 
seem, and you'll end up on an bookcase with a treasure chest holding the
Aveline crossbow. Now make your way back to the stairs.

Go down first. On the right side, open the chest with twinkling titanite. Now 
go back up and left.

Take out the archer in the hallway, and the one in the back on the balcony,
from the center, jump down on the stairs.

Go up and right for the strong magic shield sorcery, if you go down, you'll
be back where you started, rotate the stairs. Go down.

Look through the door and take out the archer and go down the ladder.

In front of you, you'll see a lever, pull it to create a shortcut to a
bonfire, rest there if you need to.

Back in the room we just came from, if you go left, you'll come to a room with
a chest holding a blue titanite chunk.

The other room has a chest with the channelers set to your immediate left, a
chest with the archive tower giant cell key also on the left, with this we 
can free Logan, we'll get to that in a minute. In the back, there is a lever
opening a path, we need to go there to continue, but not yet.

Just before the path is another treasure monster, this one drops an enchanted
falchion and behind the bookshelves on the right is a chest with a crystal
ember, this one goes to the giant blacksmith in Anor Londo, and can turn a
+10 weapon into a crystal one.

Now go all the way back and free Logan and also take the firekeeper soul from
his cell. Now use either homeward or a homeward bone to get back to the 
bonfire.

If you go back into the room with the blue titanite chunk, Logan will be 
sitting there, he will sell new sorceries, buy everything from him if you're
going for platinum, it's your last chance, next time you meet, he's hollow.

He will also tell you Seath's weakness if you ask him.

Go into the other room and down the stairs you created, kill the soldier and
open the chest with the 20 prism stones. Now go through the fog.

You'll come to a large open area with a lot of golems, there are some items 
scattered about, but nothing really worth the time, so just kill the golden
one to free the Sieg's daughter, Sieglinde, talk to her and answer yes, and go 
forward and left.

++++Crystal Cave++++ [cryca1]

When you enter, just follow the path untill you come to a 90 degree right turn,
instead of taking it, go straight onto the invisible bridge. In here you'll
know there is an invisible path if you see blue snowflakes falling.

Follow it to get 1 humanity, continue the path downward, but leave the 
butterflies alone, they're just like the moonlight butterfly, but these don't 
need to rest, and you don't have cover here.

Anyway, follow the path untill you come to a dead end with snowflakes, 
carefully walk onto the path and snipe the golem to your left. Lure it back 
onto solid ground, and take it out.

When you get to the other side, don't go left yet, go behind the large crystal
and cross the next invisible bridge to get a blue titanite chunk.

I have never been able to make it back from here without dying, so if you
want it, consider it a suicide run.

Back to the crystal past the second invisible path, go left where the golem
was, if you go right here, you'll see two crystals sticking out, with snow
falling in between them. Drop down and turn around.

You will come to a cave with 3 lizards and in the back you'll see an item.

This is the blue titanite slab. Be carefull though, this bridge isn't straight
like the others, it goes forward a bit, then right, back left and the last few
meters, forward again. I am aware that this descrition won't make it work for
you, but it's impossible to describe. The only advice I can give you is to use
your bow. Put the camera above your head, and shoot without aiming. Walk from 
arrow to arrow, being carefull not to fall, if your arrow goes into the ravine
in 3 different directions, you are on a ledge, carefully go back to the 
previous arrow and try another direction. Good luck on this one.
If you need visual help, there is a video on YouTube.

When you get the slab, congrats, you probably won't make it back, so suicide, 
or teleport back to the bonfire.

From the start of the fourth path, drop down and go forward this time, be 
carefull, the path goes slightly to the left. In the back you can see a small 
piece of land sticking out, aim for that.

On the other side, kill the clams and put on your crimson gear.

+Boss+ Seath the Scaleless part 2

This time he's going down.

In the back of the room is a crystal, this is what regenerates him, so take 
that down first.

Now lure him to the middle of the arena and wait for him to raise his arms.

This means he's going to attack, carefull his spikes cause curse, hence the
crimson set, anyway, go behind him and start cutting the very tip of his
tail, as this is a dragon, you can cut off his tail to get a weapon, the
moonlight greatsword this time, I know this is a lot easier said than done
and you might want to let yourself die the first time, so he starts in the 
middle of the room.
If you need a visual on this, there are a few videos on YouTube that show how
to do this.

When the tail's off, it's easy, just keep running after it's left, your right,
tentacle and slash when you get the chance, he should never be able to hit you.

When he's down you get 60k souls and a bequethed lord soul shard.

For yet another video go to

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGqAk3oVNrg

Light the bonfire and warp to Anor Londo. From here go to the room where Logan
is, keep talking to him and he'll start acting weird, now, from the menu quit
the game and reload, he will be unfriendly now, quit and reload again, he 
should be gone.

Now go back to the room where you first fought Seath, Logan will be here as a
hollow, kill him to get the white dragon breath sorcery, if you followed this
guide, and bought every sorcery the wisdom of a sage trophy should pop.
You'll also get the big hat and the tin crystallization catalyst.

While in this room, also open the chest to get the large magic ember, this one
goes to rickert, and can upgrade your magic weapon to +10. If you go up the
stairs and follow the balcony, you'll find a soul of a great hero.

Now get to a bonfire and warp to Firelink. Fatty's daughter should be there,
talk to her and answer yes, then use the bonfire to warp to Daughter of Chaos. 
Let the white spider chick reinforce your estus. If you have 30 humanity, give
it to her now, if not, farm them from the rats in the depths, this is 
almost your last chance if you want to save Sol in the near future.

++++Demon Ruins++++ [demru2]

Remember the area where we fought Ceaseless Discharge long ago?
We're going to tackle this area next. If you have a Lightning Uchigatana, you
might want to upgrade it as far as possible now, if not, the thunder spear will
do. There are enemies with high fire resistance around here, just so you know.

Anyway, from the bonfire, walk down into the open area at the bottom.

In the distance you'll see some demons, they are smaller versions of the 
Taurus Demon from way back in the beginning, but these are more dangerous, lure
them out one by one and kill them. There are 7 of them.

They were guarding a hard to see item in the lavapool in the back.
To make it easier to spot, take out your bow and aim manually, to see a corpse
with the item, it is the chaos flame ember, take this to the blacksmith in the
catacombs, where we haven't been yet. Now go back to the bonfire and rest. 
Also make sure to reverse your hollowing.

Instead of going to the back of the area, go right to a soul of a proud knight.

From here, you will see a bridge with another familiar, a mini capra demon this
time. These guys do respawn however. Just take it down with your sword, they 
aren't as dangerous as their big brother.

Follow the path, if you are human, you will get invaded by kirk, the guy from
the sewers again, just take him out to get 25k souls 1 point of humanity and 
the barbed straight sword.

Continue the path to a ruin with a total of 6 mini-caps, as usual, lure them
out one by one and destroy them.

When you're done playing, take out your uchigatana, the next enemy is
a fire breathing statue with high fire defence, circle it untill is starts
breathing, then kill it.

Take the soul of a proud knight and go right, follow the path untill you see
a giant worm sticking out of the wall, it's guarding a bonfire, so arrow it,
you don't want to get close to these things, as they spit a nasty weapon 
destroying goo.

Take the soul of a proud knight from the balcony on the left and rest at the 
bonfire.

From here, go back the way you came, the statue, then look down the stairs, 4 
more statues, break them.

All the way in the back, guarding a fog gate is another mini-taurus, sadly
from here on out they will respawn. Take it out but don't go through the fog 
yet, instead, from the stairs look left, along the path are 2 more 
mini-tauruses or mini-tauri or whatever you want to call them, anyway, these
2 can be sniped, so do it.

When they are gone, go onto the walkway, but be carefull, you'll get ambushed 
by a worm from the ceiling, kill it and move on only to be ambushed again.
This time you'll be surrounded by 4 worms, get back, behind the first 2 and
take them down.

Open the chest at the end to get the large flame ember, this one is also taken
to the blacksmith in the catacombs, and upgrades your +5 fire weapon to +10.
We now have collected all the embers in the game, there's no trophy for it,
but will lead to 10 other trophies eventually.

Go back towards the fog but again, don't enter yet. Kill the worm that may or
may not pop up, sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't. Also kill the 2 
statues in front of the gate and then, before the stairs, go right to take a
soul of a brave warrior.

Just before the fog, you'll see a root going down, walk down here and kill the 
bugs. Touch the door and it will open (provided you are a level 2 chaos 
servant). Go through and start killing bugs. When you kill the one that drops
the sunlight maggot, take it and you can stop, or just kill'em anyway.

This will ensure Sol won't go hollow in the near future.
 
Head back up and go through the fog.

+Boss+ Demon Firesage

Another boss like this? Geez, looks like they ran out of ideas or something.

This guy is a little harder however, he likes to move around a lot, and his
AOE attack seems to have a larger range. Another thing complicating this fight
are the trees in the room.

The best strategy for this one is to stay in front of it, trying to bait it
into it's jump attack, when it lands attack once or twice, and get some 
distance. When it does it's AOE, signaled by either holding it's club upside
down vertically or a high horizontal swing, just move back.

His melee attacks are blockable.

You'll get 20k souls and a demon's catalyst for beating him.

For a video that makes the fight look harder then it is check:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvIY8I9XfeM&feature=plcp

From the room with the staircases go up first, killing the statues as you go.
Take the soul of a brave warrior and continue the path to create a shortcut
to the spider chick. THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE TO GIVE HER 30 HUMANITY TO 
OPEN THE SHORTCUT TO SAVE SOLAIRE!!!

Rest if you need to and go back down. From here you can drop down back into
the room where you fought the last boss, or go back down the stairs, fighting
all the statues again. Go down the stairs this time and light the bonfire.

If you look down from here, you'll see an item on a ledge, follow the root to
get the soul of a brave warrior, then jump down.

Near the roots in front of the fog you will see Sol's summon sign if you're 
human, you can summon him if you want, but I feel it makes the next boss 
harder.

+Boss+ Centipede Demon

Another bossfight? man...

Honestly, for this one I don't have any real strategy.

When the fight starts, run through the lava to an island with a corpse holding
a green titanite shard, so you have some more space to move about.

When it jabs it's tentacles to you from the lava, roll away. 

Eventually it will come onto the island, go between his legs and start slashing

He has a jump attack which I can't seem to avoid, so I can't tell you how to
either.

For me, this always turns out to be a real slugfest, emptying out all my estus.
Iron flesh isn't really usefull either since he jumps around a lot.

-Wassim Rachwani wrote:
Boss fight with Centipde demon: What I found was really easy, was to summon 
Solaire, his sign is right before the door. Then I stayed on the little piece 
of land I start off in, with my shield up, strafing a little ( It could dodge 
some attacks so why not strafe? lol ) Until the boss comes on the land you are 
on. Separate yourself from Solaire a decent amount, so the boss is distracted 
by him. You can then lay on the hurt by smacking his legs. If he is distracted,
then his close range melee attacks, I found, did no hit me at all, as long as 
I hugged his feet. But still, kepp the shield up just in case. Oh and , dont 
lock onto the boss when your laying on the hurt. it makes it harder to aim at 
his feet. Of course I used soul spear and crystal soul spears which wouldve 
made it a quicker fight up close , but I t should still be enough :) Of course
this boss isnt too hard, but ah, I thought I might throw this in.

Wow cool, a strategy, creds to Wassim for this one-

Anyway, for beating him you get 40k souls and the orange charred ring.

Equip it, you'll need it.

For a visual on this fight, check:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8xOLfzsZXI

From the island you are standing on, look a little to the left, you'll see a 
cave entrance, go in there and rest at the bonfire. 

Sol should also be sitting there, make sure to talk to him.

++++Lost Izalith++++ [losiz1]

Follow the path through the lava and onto the giant root, you'll come to a 
large open area with many dino-like enemies. Don't even think about taking them
on in melee, that's suicide, just take out your bow and pick them off one by
one. It doesn't matter how many times you die, they won't respawn.

From the highest point on the root, if you look slightly right, you'll see
some sort of tower, that's where you want to go. You can go around the area, 
having to fight a lot of dinos, or you can just clear the path from here and
go in a straight line through the lava, you'll skip a few items this way, but
it's nothing important.

Let's just take the quick route, kill all dinos in the way and run for it.

Got there safely? Open the chest for a soul of a great hero, and watch how the
dinos kill each other of. So that's how they got extinct.

Anyway, from the safety of this tower, take out any dino you can.

If you step outside and look to the right, you'll see another tower, our next
destination, clear out as many dinos as you can and make a run for it.

Go up the root you see in the lava to reach the top of the tower, here, to save
arrows, shoot as many dinos as you can to aggro them, they will wipe out each
other while you collect their souls. Don't forget to take the twin humanities 
from the ledge.

When you are done, jump down and go inside the building, light the bonfire.

If you look outside from here, you'll see a tunnel-like thing lying in the 
lava, go there and follow the only path you can take, killing statues as you 
go.

When you reach the stairs, go past it and take the large soul of a brave
warrior from the left side of it. Now go stand in front of it and kill the red
whatever it is with your bow.

Go up the stairs and right, you'll be attacked by a pyromancer and if you are
human, kirk will also join the fray. Teach them not to attack you, kill the 
pyro first. The pyro will drop the izalith catalyst, kirk drops 1 point of
humanity.

Before you go up the stairs, go right over the root first, you'll come to a 
ledge with a statue and a soul of a hero behind the pillar. On the front of it,
down on another root is another statue and a rare ring of sacrifice.

Go back towards the stairs and take the root just before it. From the top of
the root, shoot as many statues as you can, there are quite a few, then take 
out the rest and go right. At the end of the path is another lightning demon,
kill it. Continue the path, and talk to Sol, if you got the sunlight maggot
a while ago, he should be there and still human, again talk to him.
This ensures you can summon him for the final battle.

When you get back from the bridge you'll see an item on the floor on the other
side, wlak slowly and the floor will crumble. You should also see Siegmeyer 
standing there. Now, before you talk to him, kill 3 of the red mosters in the
pit with arrows and alost kill the fourth one.

Now talk to Sieg and he will jump down. The next part is VERY important.
There will be a fifth monster down there and to fully complete Sieg's quest, he 
needs to survive with 50% or more of his hp left.

Jump after him weapon in 2 hands and start a whacking.

Take the red titanite chunk, green titanite shard and soul of a hero lying 
here. Talk to fatty one more time. Go towards where the thing came from, turn 
left,be carefull you don't fall into the hole and go left again. You'll come to
a door on your right, go in and take the red titanite slab, there are more 
items here, but nothing important so warp back to the bonfire.

From the bonfire, go all the way to the stairs we still haven't climbed. This
time go up. To the left you'll see a fog gate, don't enter yet, go straight,
kill the red thing and open the chest it was guarding to get the chaos fire 
whip pyromancy. Now go through the fog.

+Boss+ Bed of Chaos

This is THE most annoying boss fight in the game.

The goal here is to first go into the 2 pods on either side of it and destroy
one of the roots, once one of them is gone, the floor will start to crumble
and the boss will try to knock you into the holes, and it's very good at that.

The good thing about this is that once you destroy something, it stays 
destroyed.

When both roots are gone, go to the center, the boss will destroy the floor.

Now, there is a tiny ledge sticking out towards the root, from there, jump onto
it, follow the path and kill the bug lying on the floor.

When it's done you get 60k souls and the lord soul.

My death count for this fight: 9 times, see if you can do better.

For a video on this fight, first check:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQeCPsw0Kns

As you saw, I died, so here's the rest:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UB8L8xfnktk&feature=plcp

-Wassim Rachwani did better:
Boss Fight: Bed of chaos: Since this is probably the most annoying boss in the 
game ( as you rightfully stated lol) I thought I could contribute how I did it.
It took me only one death to do it, but this is how. I had the " strong magic 
shield" spell , which makes the sweeping hands, when blocked, barely push you 
back. I  found this very handy in trying to jump on the root in the last stage.
Now what I did is, as soon as I entered the boss room ( after sliding) I cast 
strong mageic shield, ran like a maniac with my shield up, to the left orb 
thingie and destroyed withut too much trouble, and ran to the other one, 
carefully dodging the breaking floors. Yes you must react decently quick, but I
didnt experience any annoying melee attacks on the way there, if you do it that 
fast. Once the second orby thing is gone, I died from the flame pillars which 
shouldnt be too hard to avoid, but I didnt know that then ... lol. The second 
try, I unequipped all my armor so I was as fast as possible, and, once I got 
bavk to the boss, cast magic shield, ran like crazy ( he's pretty damn fast 
even whilst shielding and running). Once you block the first swipe, RUN AND 
JUMP/ROLL LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDED ON IT. I found jumping/rolling early helped 
so do that. If you dare. :P Once in, its easy from there. Now Im not sure if 
going naked from the very beginning would make it easier, but you are free to 
try :P. So yeah, I found the magic shield helped a lot. If you dont have it, 
it should stilll be doable, with practice and speed. Hopefully this makes the 
most annoying boss a little less annoying.

So, creds to Wassim-

That's it! we have everything we need to go and confront the final boss now,
but first, warp to the daughter of chaos.

If you have fought and defeated kirk all three times, you'll find the armor of 
thorns in the back of this area.

Remember Quelana, back in Blighttown who asked us to kill her mother?
Well, we just did so let's get our reward, talk to her to get the fire tempest
pyromancy, if you followed the guide and bought everything, the bond of
a pyromancer trophy should now pop.

Now, if Sieg survived Lost Izalith with 50% hp go to firelink, his daughter 
will be there, talk to her to find out he's gone on yet another quest.

Head for Ash Lake, and at the bonfire talk to them a final time to get a 
titanite slab, sweet!

If you have the DLC and have not completed it yet, skip down to the DLC guide
before reading the next part.

Warp to either firelink and go to frampt, or if you joined the darkwraith
covenant, warp to the abyss and talk to kaathe. They will take you to the
firelink altar where you can offer the souls to the lordvessel, opening the
way to...

++++Kiln of the First Flame++++ [kifif1]

Not much to say about this area, the path is straightforward, you can only take
one route, there are only 5 enemies, all black knights. 2 of them drop
titanite chunks, 1 drops a red titanite chunk, 1 drops a white titanite chunk,
and the last one a blue titanite chunk.

There is only one hard to miss item lying around, the black knight armor set.

If you don't care about trophies, but just want to end this, skip the next 
part.

++++Before we face Gwyn++++ [befag1]

There are a few things left to do if you want to get the platinum trophy
eventually. Technically, you don't need to do it now, but it is better to do
it now, now that the enemies are still easy.

First let's talk about upgrading weapons.

Throughout the game, we have been collecting embers, these can be used to
upgrade weapons. Each type of weapon, fire, divine, magic etc. all have a 
trophy for getting them at their max. level. For each type a titanite slab of
the corresponding color is needed to get it at the max., so you can't do 
everything yet.

What you can do is upgrade everything so you only need to use the slabs you
don't have yet by farming the colored chunks from the bk's in the Kiln, these
are the only ones that respawn. 

For example Both magic and enchanted weapons need blue titanite chunks and a 
blue slab to be upgraded to the max.

Let's say you choose to upgrade a magic weapon to +10, this takes blue chunks
and a blue slab to do. This means you don't have a slab to get the enchanted
one up to +5, but you can take it up to +4, by farming the bk's.

If you do this all you need to do in NG+ is get the blue slab and upgrade
the enchanted weapon to +5, you no longer need embers or blacksmiths to get
this done.

This works the same for divine and occult, using white, fire and chaos, using
red and standard, lightning and crystal using the regular slab, this means
you can't complete the final weapon untill you beat Stray Demon in NG+, but
you need to go into NG++ and beat Sif a third time for the final boss soul
weapon anyway. For info on boss soul weapons check the trophy section.

By the way, to get to the blacksmith in the Catacombs, from the start, head to
the first bridge. About halfway, you can jump down to another one, close to
the second bonfire.

From here, go towards the bonfire, but go left into the cave. When you get to
the open area, go right down the stairs. From the end of it, just walk forward
so you fall down, you'll end up on a ledge with a second one in sight.

Fall down to that ledge and from here, jump down again. Go into the hole and 
you'll meet the blacksmith. He'll also create a shortcut to the cartwheel area
from here.

Second, let's talk about farming weapons for the trophy.

There are weapons that can be dropped by certain enemies that you also need
for the knights honor trophy. Again, you don't have to do this now, but in NG+
the enemies will be stronger, so it's harder to do. For the weapons needed 
check the trophy section.

Another thing you might want to do, is get your faith up to 25. You need to
have 25 faith to join the warrior of sunlight covenant. You can't get 
everything from the covenant yet, if you followed this guide, you'll only
have 5 sunlight medals, you need 10, and you need Gwym's soul to get the last
miracle, but once it's at 25, you don't have to worry about that anymore.

The last thing I will bore you with is that if you haven't gotten 10 souvenirs
of reprisal yet, do so now, the crow chicks are a lot harder to beat in NG+.
If you have followed this guide, and have 10 souvenirs, you will have no
business in the Painted world of Ariamis in NG+, so you can skip it completely.

This was about all of my boring talk, so let's get it on!

If you saved Sol back in Lost Izalith, his summon sign will be just past the
third knight, to the left.

+Boss+ Gwyn

This guy can be really daunting, he attacks relentlessly, and seems to have
infinite stamina. You can take him on mano y mano, but unless you're way more
skilled than I am, you'll probably fail.

Luckily, we have iron flesh, as soon as the battle starts, Gwyn will come 
running. Quickly cast iron flesh and take your weapon in 2 hands, and start
slashing like there's no tomorrow, with the furysword he'll go down quickly,
possibly in an anti-climactic way even, but no matter, down is down.

Another way to beat him is to just parry and riposte his attacks. This takes 
practice however, and you might not even have used it once up to this point.

If you have practiced it, it's actually easier to beat him like this, if not,
Just use iron flesh.

For beating him you get 70k souls and the soul of Gwyn.

For a video on the iron flesh strategy check this link:

Coming soon

And for one on the parry and riposte strategy, check:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy7PLQB9j1c

But, it's not over yet, you have one more choice to make, either walk out the
door you came in to get the dark lord ending plus the trophy for it,
or light the bonfire that appeared to get the to link the fire ending plus the
trophy for it.

Either way, you just beat one of the greatest(and hardest) games of this
generation, you have my respect!

Enjoy the ending and have fun in NG+ and beyond!
   
 

 

++++What's next++++ [whane1]

When you start NG+, there are a few things you might want to consider, I'll
write them in short in this chapter.

- When you get to the first encounter with the Asylum Demon, you may want to
  kill it straight away now, you'll get the Demon's club for it. You'll get the
  big pilgrim's key from the guy who gave you the estus flask.

-When you reach Undead Parish, free Lautec again, also fight the Gargoyles with
 sol again, this nets you 2 more sunlight medals, together with the 3 from the
 chest in Anor Londo and the soul of Gwyn, if you have 25 faith, you can join
 the sunlight warrior covenant, and get all 3 miracles in one go.

- In the sewers, farm at least 1 eye of death from the frogs, together with the
  3 you find in the Catacombs, you'll have 10 so you can get the gravelord 
  greatsword miracle from Nito, if you followed the guide to the letter, this 
  will get you the prayer of a maiden trophy.

- about the Catacombs, you might want to go there as early as possible this 
  time, to get the Rite of Kindling asap, the extra estus might save your life
  a few times.

- If you want Gwyn's armor, the merchant at the entrance to Blighttown now 
  sells it, it's not very good or anything, but has the highest curse 
  resistance in the game.

- In Anor Londo, fight Smough and Ornstein in the different order than you did
  in your first playthrough, to get the other one's soul. If you killed 
  Ornstein first earlier, I'm sorry for you, you're in for a hell of a battle,  
  but it's possible, on my platinum run, I had the same problem, took me about 
  16 hours to get it done, the good thing that came of it, is I can now do it 
  in my sleep, and yes, I had nightmares about it.

- Don't forget to pick up the titanite slabs from their locations.

- If you have 10 souvenirs of reprisal, but killed Gwyndolin before you could
  give them to him, don't forget to do so now. 

- As you can read in the trophy section, most boss souls can create 2 weapons,
  create the ones you didn't in your first plathrough (duh)

- When you beat Gwyn the second time make sure you pick the other ending.

Now, for NG++, you just need a few more things.

- As soon as you reach the tower with the Taurus Demon, you can go to, and kill
  Sif.

- Now, all that's left is to get to Anor Londo, reach the blacksmith, and use
  the souls of Sif and Gwyn to create your final 2 weapons and finally get the
  knights honor trophy. This should also pop the Dark Soul(platinum) trophy.

When all this is done, congratulations, you now didn't just beat, but mastered,
no, kicked the ass of one of the greatest(and hardest) games of this 
generation.

All the kudos and my deep respect to you!

++++Artorias of the Abyss DLC++++

To access the Artorias of the abyss DLC, you need to fulfill 3 ingame 
prequisites: You need to have beaten Ornstein&Smough, Freed Dusk in the Basin,
and you need to have the broken pendant, dropped by the crystal golem in the 
Duke's Archives.

With this done, head back to where you freed Dusk, to see a black swirling
vortex thingie. Approach and examine it to be sucked into

++++Sanctuary Garden++++ [sanga1]

From the bonfire, take the only path you can to be tossed straight into battle
with the first boss.

+Boss+ Sanctuary Guardian

Right from the get go, this thing is very aggressive.

You can cut off it's tail for the Guardian tail, a weapon that causes poison.
To cut it off, your best bet is to try and keep your distance, baiting it into 
a jumping attack, if you roll out of the way, you'll have a very short window
to attack it. One or two great combustions usually gets this done.

After the tail is cut, your best bet is to stay close, circling it.
When it goes in for it's melee combo, try to get at it's side and counter with
one or two hits.

When it's close to dying it will try and get away from you and will start to
use it's lightning attacks.

Just keep on the pressure, and keep as close as possible untill it dies.

When killed it will drop the Guardian Soul and 30k souls.

To the left from where you entered will be another door, go through it.

++++Oolacile Sanctuary++++ [oolsa1]

To the left of the bonfire, you'll see a giant mushroom. This is Elizabeth, she
will ask you to free Dusk, agree to it and she will sell you stuff.

To the right of the bonfire, between the graves is a humanity.

Go straight from the bonfire to go to the next area.

++++Royal Wood++++ [roywo1]

I could think of some puns with this area name, but I won't...

Anyway, the area should seem familiar, but with a twist.

When you cross the bridge, go right and kill the 2 pitchfork enemies that 
attack you, they're not to tough but have the nasty habit of pulling each other
into the fight with you.

From here, go back down to the bridge and go left this time, all the way to
the next pitchfork, kill it and you will be attacked by another one.

After killing the second one, keep to the edge and walk forward untill you 
reach an open area with a lot of pitchforkers and an axe golem, these guys are
really nasty as they have an AOE attack which can be hard to see coming.

If they slam their axe into the ground and you see rocks and debris flying
up, dodge out of the way.

When they're all defeated, head to where the golem was standing to find the
guardian leggings.

Just a little ahead, you should see a bridge, head there to meet Kalameet, the
last remaining dragon. We'll have a chance to kill him later.

Cross the bridge and go right. When you reach the lizard, kill it if you can
and move forward, keeping to the left side.

At some point, you'll meet the next enemy, guys with scissors. They're pretty 
easy, just circle and backstab, but they have the same habit as pitchforkers,
so be on guard at all times.

Just keep going forward, killing stuff, untill you can climb the hill to your 
left, there are 2 scissors guys on top, deal with them.

When you reach the top of the hill, look down and to your right, you will
see an item, elizabeth's mushroom. Jump down and take it, be carefull though,
you'll also alert a pitchfork.

When it's dead, go to where it came from, and look up and to your right.
You'll see another item on top of a hill. Be very carefull trying to get it as
there are hard to see holes on the way and you need to jump a gap to even get 
there. The item is a guardian helm.

Jump back down and move forward, in the distance you'll see the next item.
Just follow the edge and you'll get there. take out all enemies that may
attack you to get 8 Gough's great arrows.

Keep following the edge to get to the next item, the guardian armor.

Now, keep following it and look down, when you're at about where you met the 
first scissor guy, jump down and go up the hill in front and slightly to the
right. At the end, jump down and take the large soul of a proud knight.

Take out any enemies you may have aggroed and move toward the large ruined 
structure you see in the distance. Take out any enemies you encounter.

On your right you will see a small building. Go behind it to get a soul of a 
proud knight. Go in and activate the elevator, then go down.

Right in front of you, you'll see a fog gate, but let's not go in there yet.

To the right you'll see a bridge with a merchant at the other end. This is 
Chester, if you want his clothes and cool looking hat you can kill him if you
want, but after the next boss he will invade you if you don't.

You don't get anything from it, but he has a very cool moveset, which makes it
worth fighting him.

Anyway, follow the path past Chester to reach another elevator, at the top go
up the stairs to get the Guardian Gauntlets.

If you go out the building and follow the cliff on the left, you'll get back 
to Oolacile Sanctuary and thus have created a shortcut. I strongly advise you
to rest up now.

When done take the elevator down to Chester and head for the fog gate.

I strongly recommend you summon some help for this guy.

+Boss+ Knight Artorias

This is one mean mutha. If you thought O&S or 4 Kings was hard, you'll be in 
for a treat. He is very aggressive and dodging his attacks takes time to learn 
the timing.

On top of that, he also has very high resistances, only pyros seem to do amy
real damage.

He can also buff himself, which is telegraphed by him jumping back and 
surrounding himself with black smoke, rum up to him 2-handing your weapon to
stun him out of it, or you'll be sorry.

Anyway, all you can really do is to stay evasive and wait for an opening to
whittle down his health.

Good luck on this one.

For beating him you get the soul of Artorias and 50k souls.

If you quit and reload now, you will meet Ciaran, another of Gwyn's knights
and presumably Artorias' girlfriend.

If you give her Arty's soul, she'll give you 2 very cool weapons, but if you
kill her, you'll also get them plus you get to keep Arty's soul to create 
another boss soul weapon, so the choice is yours, but I say kill the B****!

If you continue, you'll come to a 4 way split. Left leads to a closed door,
we'll get there later, right leads to the arena and going straight leads to
the Oolacile Township. Let's head that way.

++++Oolacile Township++++ [oolto1]

From the bonfire, head down the stairs and kill the bloathead hiding to your
right.

Move forward and take the soul of a proud knight from the roof. 

Go down and kill the enemies and continue. In front of you you'll see another
elevator shaft, it's not operating at this point though so move forward.

Kill any enemies on your way untill you reach a gazebo of some sort, be 
carefull, standing in front of it is a sorcerer, with the new dark magic. Try
to take it out first.

Anyway, inside the gazebo is another enemy hiding to your left, kill it and 
take the soul of a brave warrior.

Head back out and before you go down the second set of stairs, head right, past
the gazebo. follow the path, killing enemies untill you come to what seems a
dead end. Fall down to the next ledge and go right.

Don't go into the building on your right yet, instead, go straight and at the
end, equip the sunlight maggot to reveal a hidden path. Inside you will find
the silver pendant, an equipable item that you can use to block dark sorceries.

Head back out and go into the building we just passed.

Be carefull of the 3 sorcerers inside and take the dark orb sorcery at the 
bottom of the stairs. Go back up and outside to find another sorcerer with
the 'I'm sorry' carving. These are pretty cool equippables, basically saying
it's namesake. This one for example says I'm sorry when used, the uses are
infinite by the way.

Use a homeward bone to get back to the bonfire, retrace your steps and head 
straight past the gazebo this time.

If you hadn't killed Chester yet, and are human he will invade you, but you 
won't get anything for beating him.

Keep moving forward untill you get to a chest, don't open it as it's a mimic,
who will drop the 'very good' carving.

Go down the stairs and head right down more stairs and you will get to 2 normal
bloathheads and across the bridge a sorcerer. Take out the normal ones first 
and while crossing the bridge, just block the attacks with your shield.

When they are all dead, take a left down another set of stairs and into a
building.

Kill the 2 bloatheads and the third one dropping down from above, then take the
rubbish and head down the stairs into a room with a lot of those bloatheads.

When you get down, immediately turn around and first take out the normal and
sorc hiding behind you, then just lure the rest to you one by one with your
bow.

Be carefull, there is another sorc on a ledge higher up.

When all enemies are dead, shoot the chain with the corpse to get the dark fog
sorcery, then head back to the stairs you came from and go through the door on 
your left, keep going up the stairs untill youcome to a wooden floor.

From here look down and to your left to see another wooden floor, jump down
to this.

Kill the bloathead, but don't open the chest, it's another mimic. Kill it to 
get the crest key. This opens the door we passed back at the entrance of the
Township. We'll get to that later.

Kill the bloathead hiding around the left corner, and go straight through the
door. Drop down and go right to get a twin humanity. Drop down again to end up
back in the dark fog room. 

Back at the stairs you came from, look to your right to see an opening, take
the soul of a hero and head to where the fog sorcery was. 

Go out the door and follow the path, when you come to a bridge like area, look
to your right and go through the door. activate the elevator and go back up to
end up close to the bonfire, another shortcut yay!

Now, when done at the bonfire, head onto the bridge, there are more bloaties 
ahead, just snipe them, two of them are sorcs so be carefull.

There are 2 more of them hiding behind a corner.

When you're done, head into the next building to face a mini boss.

This thing isn't too hard, just bludgeon it into oblivion with great 
combustion.

Move on to reach the next elevator, but look out, there's a bloatie coming up
with it. When it's dead, get on and go down. Move forward to the next bonfire
and you'll end up in the next area.

++++Chasm of the Abyss++++ [chaab1] 

When you enter, head left. Take out the lizard and very carefully continue 
untill you see the red glow of bloatheads in the distance.

There are a lot of them, so take out your bow and pull them to you one by one.

When theyre done for move to where the sorc was standing and take the dark 
beads sorcery.

Afterwards. head for the g;owing stone marker you probably saw when sniping the
bloatheads and look down. There's another one waiting to ambush you. Deal with
it accordingly.

Now, just follow the only path you can take untill you see a pit with a 
gazillion creepy looking sprites it it. Does their form remind you of anything?

Don't jump down to them, alone they're not very dangerous, but as a group they
will tear you up in no time, plus, a little ahead is a sorc, waiting to kill
you.

Snipe out the sorc first, then take out the sprites, they have a huge humanity
drop rate, so if you need any, the chasm is the best place to farm them.

Anyway, when they're all gone, collect any humanity they may have dropped, get
back up the ledge and go left. You'll drop down a piece of fake floor.

Take the only path you can untill you come to a large open area with a few 
sprites. To your left is an elevator that creates a shortcut back to the
Artorias boss room, from here it's only a short walk to the Township to heal 
up. Do so if you need to.

Back down at the elevator, if you look towards it, on the right side, near the
edge, there is a fake piece of wall with some sprites inside. Kill them and 
move towards the yellow circle.

Inside is baby Sif, who we just rescued. Doing this nets us the cleansing 
greatshield, but more importantly, allows us to summon Sif to help against this 
area's boss.

If you free Sif before you fight him in the main story, and equip his shield
going in, you'll get a different intro.

Anyway, when you're done, get out and go right. Take the path going down, and 
when you come to a split, take the path going down again.

This leads to a group of sprites, and at the end the dark flame pyromancy.

Go back to the split and go up this time, you'll get back to the sprite pit,
but where the sorc is standing. Kill it and take the humanity.

Now drop down and cross the bridge. 

On the platform under the bridge, you'll find a twin humanities. Enter the cave
and go right when you can, kill the sprites and take the white titanite slab.

Go back inside and take the other path, take out all the sprites, grab the soul
of a hero and prepare yourself.

+Boss+ Manus, Father of the Abyss

Again, this is one mean sob, if you're human, Sif's summon sign is right in the
middle of the arena, if you can get to it.

Manus is no pushover, he has a mean 6 hit combo, which is hard to block and he
just spams it the entire time, roll away as much as possible.

When his health gets low, he will start using dark sorceries, evade them.

Stay as eveasive as possible, learn his moves and attack at every chance you 
get.

For beating him you get the soul of manus and 60k souls. You will also have 
freed Dusk. If you talk to her she won't say much, but if you go to 
Elizabeth, you'll get 3 Elizabeth's mushrooms for your efforts.

Now, about that soul of Manus, you can either trade it with Snuggly for the
pursuers dark sorcery.

That was the DLC's final boss, but there's more, if you go back to the very
first elevator we've activated, right in front of the Artorias boss room,
There is a path going down.

All the way in the back, you will find the soul of a brave hero.

You will be attacked by a few dogs here, kill them and at the end, you will 
see Kalameet flying around. Go down the ladder and get hit by him once, then
use a homeward bone to get out.

If you warp to the Oolacile Township bonfire and go back to Arty's boss room,
take a right just before it to reach the locked door we skipped earlier.

You should have the key, so open it to meet Hawkeye Gough. Quite an impressive
character if you ask me.

Anyway, just keep talking to him, answering yes to all the questions and when
Kal has been grounded, head back to where we were just punished.

+Boss+ Black Dragon Kalameet

What's with these hyper agressive bosses? Anyway, as this is a dragon, you can 
cut off it's tail. You best bet is to wait untill he goes up on his hind legs 
and cut it a few times. This will get you the Obsidian Greatsword.

As for fighting this thing, the best I have come up with is to just try and 
get 0nder him, most of his attacks won't hit you and if you just fight 
unlocked you can chip away his health in relative safety.

Just keep your hp up and you should be fine.

For beating him you get the Calamity ring and 60k souls.

Scattered around this area are some items: a suul of a brave warrior, soul of 
a hero and another soul of a brave warrior in the center.

All the way in the back, where Kal came from are 3 Gough's great arrows and in 
a chest under the waterfall is a titanite slab.

We're almost done here, all that's left is to kill Chester if you want his 
stuff, and if you want Gouch's greatbow and armor, you'll need to kill him too.
The easiest way to do this is to cast hush, or equip the slumbering dragoncrest
ring. Because he is blind, he won't have a clue as to where you are, kind of 
like the Old Hero fight in Demon's.

Anyway, that's about it, so have fun!

++++PVP in a Nutshell++++[pvpnu1]

Let's talk a little about PVP (Player Versus Player), if you have been playing
online, you have probably been invaded by other people a few times, you might 
have invaded other people yourself.

Chances are, if you are new to the game, you have had your ass handed to you 
every single time. Don't worry about this though, unless you have some natural
talent for this part of the game, the only way to learn is to practice, 
practice, practice.

Of course there are a few pointers I can give to get a bit ahead of the 
learning curve, but don't expect to be a master after reading this, hell, I 
don't consider myself any better than average.

There are instuctional videos on youtube though, that can explain PVP better
than I can. If you want some very good footage, check the channel of a guy 
named EWGF.

Anyway, let's break it down into some small chunks, we'll talk about areas, 
level ranges, knowing your opponents, countering their tactics,  and defence 
and poise.

Ok, here we go, let's start with areas.

There are a few areas in the game that are used as PVP-duelling areas. I will
list them together with the average SL around there.

The levels I list aren't requirements of any sort, it's just based on my own
experience and getting the most action.

Undead Burg, the large rectangular area close to the bonfire.
SL range <20

Anor Londo, outside on the bridge between the first elevator and the second one
SL range 40-70

Anor Londo, inside the building where you fight Ornstein and Smough.
SL range 40-70

Dark Anor Londo, everywhere.
SL range 40-???

The Duke's Archives, the large room near the second bonfire.
SL range 60-90

Darkroot Forest, behind the crest doors, the entire area.
SL range 1-712 (yes, 712, not a typo)

Darkroot Garden, near the bonfire, next to the crest doors, also in the basin,
with the hydra.
SL range 120-130

Kiln of the First Flame, near the entrance.
SL range 100-200

Undead Burg, same as above
SL range >150

DLC areas

Arena (duh!)
SL range 1-50, 51-100, 101-200, 201-712

Pretty much everywhere else in the DLC, but at the time I'm writing this, I 
have no real info/knowledge about the level ranges. 

Of course, you can invade/get invaded in pretty much any other area, at any 
level, but those aren't necessarily for duelling, mostly just for trolling the 
invadee. 

Now, let's talk about knowing your opponents and countering their tactics.

Knowing your oppnent is pretty much checking out their equipment, they come in
with a big weapon and heavy armor, it's most likely a strength build and his
main tactic will be to stunlock you to death.

You can counter this by being quick, bait them into attacking and move out of
the way and counter before they recover, or just stay calm and try to parry,
because big weapons have big tells,so it's rather 'easy' to pull off.

Another thing that is seen a lot, is a dex build, these can be nasty, since 
they usually wear light armor and thus are quick to move around and can also
attack quickly. Weapons most seen in these builds are katanas, knives, rapiers 
and the like.

Also pay attention to if, and if so, what kind of weapon buff they use.

Are they using crystal magic weapon, they will probably also have some 
sorceries to back them, so be ready to dodge.

If they use either sunlight or darkmoon blade as buff, they'll also have some
wrath of the gods ready to hurt you with. At first this seems really hard to
avoid, but it's actually quite easy.

Roll into them at the right moment, just about halfway through the hand raising
animation, and if you can, backstab, if not, just 2-hand your weapon and try to
stunlock them.

Most people you encounter will also have pyromancies, most of them are easy 
enough to avoid, but great combustion (also the most commonly used one) can be
nasty.

If you time your roll just right, you will be set on fire, but not take damage.
This is really hard to explain, so just practice untill you get it right.

If you know your opponent uses great combustion (GC) and has his flame equipped
you can try to bait them into using it by walking towards them and as soon as 
you see the hand come op, roll to the side, chances are they will spam you with
it, just keep this up untill they stop and try to count them. If it's 8 or a 
multiple of 8, ie 16,24, chances are, they are out and you can resume your
assault. (same goes for wrath of the gods (WOG) by the way, but with multiples
of 3)

Another, very annoying, type of tactic you will see a lot is backstab fishing,
people who just walk around trying to bait you into an attack or wait for some
lag and then just backstab (bs) you.

Am effective counter for this is to bait them into bsing and when they come at
you, unlock and swing your weapon while pushing your stick towards them.

When done right the worst case scenario is that you get the bs animation, but
not take damage.  

Another effective way of countering this is to unlock and just roll into them
with a piece of the armor of thorns equipped, if they have low poise you might 
even stun them and get in a few attacks of your own.

That about covers the most commonly used tactics, of course, there are almost
infinite other things you might be put against, or combinations of the above,
Just keep your eyes open and stay calm.

Now, let's talk about poise.

Poise is a game mechanic that decides on how much you can take without being
stnned.

Very simply put, big heavy armor gives you a lot of poise, meaning you can take
more hits before getting stunned, but also makes you slow on your feet.

Light armor has little to no poise, but makes you faster on your feet.

Weapons also have a hidden poise damage, basically the bigger the weapon, the 
more poise damage it does.

Well, that about wraps up the PVP theory, remeber, the above are just pointers
and some mild explanations, there are no set rules. Just have fun and try not
to let d-bags get under your skin. Good luck and happy fighting!


++++Boss strategies++++ [bosst1]

+boss+ Asylum Demon

When done right, this guy is really easy and beatable without getting hit once.

When you go through the fog, take your weapon in 2 hands, target lock him and 
do a jump attack, this takes off about about 50 percent of his health, then 
keep circling him staying between his left leg and tail and spam him with 
fireball, he should go down after 4 hits, ending the battle in 15 seconds 
without a scratch on you.

For beating him you get 1000 souls and the Big Pilgrim's Key.

+Boss+ Taurus Demon

Alright, go down the ladder, use a gold pine resin and walk untill about 
halfway the bridge.

Big ugly will jump down, so turn around, run back and climb the ladder.

Wait untill it's below you, lock on and jump attack him.

This takes away about 50% of his HP, afterwards stand between his legs and 
start slashing like a madman, he'll probably hit you once but it doesn't really
hurt.

There, another boss easily taken down, you'll get 3000 souls for your efforts.



+Boss+ Bellfry Gargoyles.

If you are going for the platinum trophy I suggest doing this in 2 stages.

The first rum just go for cutting of it's tail, take the Gargoyle tail axe and 
let him kill you or jump of the roof.

Then for the second run reverse hollowing at the bonfire, go back up to the fog
again, be carefull as the big ambush has respawned but luckily the sorcerer 
hasn't.

If you didn't kill or otherwise aggroed Solaire(the knight who gave you the 
white soapstone), you can summon him here. Do so and if he survives he will 
give you a Sunlight medal. You are going to need 10 of these to get a miracle 
from the sunlight warrior covenant.

Anyway, here's the strategy.

From the start keep moving, he has a confusing jump attack that can let you 
throw youself of the roof if you're not carefull.

Just get close bait, him into doing an attack, get behind him and attack.

This way he'll go down pretty quickly, just beware after about a minute his 
buddy shows up who will start breathing fire. 

Just stay focussed on the first one, stay cautious but aggressive and take him 
down. Repeat for number two and this fight should end without too much 
problems.

If you have Solaire with you, the strategy remains the same, but although Sol 
won't do a lot of damage, he will provide a good distraction to make the fight 
even easier.

When the gargoyles are toast you'll get 10000 souls if you did it alone or 5000 
souls and a sunlight medal if you did it with Sol and he survived. 



+Boss+ Capra Demon

This fight can be fairly easy or just plain annoying, making you want to throw 
your controller at the tv screen.

The biggest problems here are the small room and the 2 dogs he brings with him,
which need to be killed asap.

Ok, now for the strategy.

As soon as the fight starts Cap will come at you, 1 dog comes at you from the 
left.

Run a little to the right I'd say at about 30 degrees, when he raises his 
blades, roll straight forward, the second dog will come at you from either the 
front or the right.

The timing to roll without taking damage will take some tries to learn, but 
even if you do get hit, it's not over yet.

As soon as the roll ends, take a hard left towards the stairs, about halfway up
turn around and lock on. Cap walks pretty slow, so you should lock on to one of
the dogs, which should be right behind you.

Block and counter, taking care your sword doesn't hit the wall. Both dogs 
should die with a single swipe.

Those were the first 5 to 10 seconds.

If you get through this in one piece, the rest is plain sailing.

You can either take Cap on one-on-one, circling him and attacking his back 
after a two-handed swing, don't do it after a one-handed swing or he will 
probably counter, leaving you at his mercy, and he doesn't show any.

Another, safer, approach is to use the stairs.

Lock onto him, always having your shield up, he can hit you from nearly 
anywhere, and walk onto the stairs all the way over the arches as far as 
possible.

Now he will do one of two things: He will try to jump you from about halfway 
up the stairs, miss, usually, he can sometimes hit you, so keep your shield up.
Then when he is stuck on the floor jump attack him.

Another thing he might do, is go up all the way towards you. If this happens, 
jump down, lock on, and wait for him to jump down, slash him twice and get back
up.

Repeat untill he's dead.

As you can see, the first few seconds will determine the outcome of the battle,
as soon as the dogs are gone the worst is over so just stay calm, get rid of 
the dogs and waste this bastard.

After it's over and you are dancing through the room you will get 6000 
souls and the key to the depths.



+Boss+ Gaping Dragon

This guy looks pretty mean, but honestly, it's one of the easiest bosses in the
game, it's quite tough and takes a while to kill, but also really stupid and 
easily kited.

Put away your shield, you don't need it, and take your weapon in two hands for 
extra damage.

When the fight starts, just stay where you are, it should belch out some yellow
smoke and drop to a prone position before rushing you. This is what we want it 
to do the entire fight.

Get out of it's way and wait untill it stops, it will stay still for a few 
seconds which is your cue to lay on the hurt. Hit him a few times, 3 or 4 at 
most and then run away like a little girl getting a good distance in between.

This will cause him to spew smoke again and start rushing. Repeat untill dead.

As this is a dragon enemy, the first priority however is to cut of it's tail 
giving you the dragon king greataxe. this also takes away it's nasty tail 
swipe.

The last thing to watch out for is his jumping attack. When hit dead-on, you're
dead. 

When the fight is over you get 25k souls, the key to blighttown and you can 
pick up the hard leather armor set.


+Boss+ Quelaag

Too bad for the lower part of her body...

When the fight starts, she will jump you and breathe lava, don't step in it.

The easiest way to fight her is to just get close and bait her to do her sword
attack, if you get to the right of her spider face up against her, she can't 
hit you, after the first strike, attack a few times and wait out her next move.

If she stops moving completely, back off asap, she will do an AOE attack which 
hurts, get your shield up to absorb some of it.

When she raises her legs, back off too, she will stomp the ground.

She will also spit lava around the area, while she is spitting, this is
another good time to do some damage, just be carefull you don't get surrounded.

If the part of the area you are fighting is getting covered in lava, just go
somewhere else, it's a large room with a lot of space to move around.

You'll get 20k souls for beating her and the soul of Quelaag, whatever you do,
DO NOT USE IT TO GET SOULS! Especially this one, because with the falchion we
got earlier, and this soul we will create the weapon we'll use for the 
remainder of the game.

If somehow this fightis too hard, you can go to the fog in human form to summon
Maneater Mildred to help you, like Sol with the gargoyles she won't do a lot 
of damage, but provide a good distraction. You will only get 10k of souls
however and no sunlight medal.


+Boss+ Ceaseless Discharge

Don't fight this thing straight up, you can't win.

Instead run like a pussy into the side path on the left, where it can't hit you
and wait for it untill it gets to the other side of the rock you are hiding 
behind, now show yourself, staying where you are and bait it into attacking.
After the attack, run as fast as you can back to the fog you came from.

Here he can't reach you, but will still try to attack you. As soon as his hand 
slams on the ground, run up to it and start slashing, after 4 or 5 slashes it 
will die.

If something goes wrong and you die before you can do this, you'll have to do
it the hard way.

Get into the side path where he can't hit you. You'll notice he uses a 
different attack now, a huge tentacle will slam down with a blaze of fire,
hide behind the rock and when the blaze dissipates, start attacking the 
tentacle, it will take a while to kill it, but isn't that hard.

You'll get 10k souls for this and a new path will open up.




+Boss+ Iron Golem

The first thing you'll notice is that the plateau you fight him on is pretty 
small, here also lies the biggest risk: you falling off.

In the center is some sort of broken down wall, try to keep him here.

When the fight starts, he will do some sort of shockwave attack with his axe,
it shouldn't hit you.

Lure him to the center and start circling him up close, with his axe he
shouldn't be able to hit you. Watch out though, if he raises his free hand, he
will do a grab attack, get behind him to avoid. When he raises his leg he will
stomp the ground a few times, back off.

For the rest it's pretty straightforward, just keep poking the same leg over
and over when you can, eventually you'll stagger him, keep poking so he falls
down and poke some more.

If you have an upgraded pyro flame, and also combustion/great combustion, you 
can do some real damage with that as well. 

You'll get 40k souls and the core of an iron golem for beating him.



+Boss+ Dragonslayer Ornstein and Executioner Smough

Like I said, this fight is hard, possibly the hardest in the game.
Either of them alone wouldn't be so bad, but the 2 of them, geez.

What you get at the end of the battle is decided by who you kill first.

The easiest would be to kill Ornstein first, Smough takes his powers and grows,
at the end you get Smoughs soul.

If you take out Smough first, Ornstein gets Smoughs powers, and becomes really 
hard to beat, you'll get Ornsteins soul afterwards.

Here's the thing, you need both souls to create a weapon if you want the 
knights honor trophy, so if this is your first gamecycle, I suggest killing
Smough first now, because in NG+ it's nearly impossible to kill the powered up
Ornstein.

Anyway I'll try to provide a good strategy for both.

Ornstein first:

With sol, just whack away, trying to steer clear of Smough, Ornstein is weak 
against fire so he should go down pretty quickly, just don't go overboard in
your agression, his attacks hurt. When he's dead, take out your bow and start 
walking backwards, if smough attacks, roll out of the way and shoot. Repeat
untill dead.

In patch 1.05 an easier and safer approach would be to equip havel's armor and
go in alone. Ornstein doesn't jump around nearly as much anymore so just close 
in and have at it. Don't worry about Smough too much, his attacks aren't that 
bad. 

Since Ornstein is weak to fire, combustion/great combustion with an upgraded 
flame will destroy him.

Anyway, when Ornie is down, get close to Smough so most of his attacks miss,
and just whack away, keep your weapon in one hand though, whenever he jumps up,
block with your shield to absorb the attack and take the time to heal while
Smough gets up.


Smough first:

Make sure to take sol with you, he should keep Ornstein busy, while you take 
down Smough, circle and attack when you can. If he jumps back off.
Now comes the hard part, Giant Ornstein is no pushover, his attacks hurt, a
lot, and he has lost his weakness to fire.
Try to stay close to him so his attacks go over your head, but be carefull,
if you see lightning on his spear, get out! He will do a grab attack that will 
probably kill you, even at full health. He also has a nasty jump attack that
sends a wave of lightning around him, back off when he jumps. The key here is 
to stay patient and wait out your chance to strike.

Good luck.

When the battle is over you get 50k souls either the soul of ornstein or smough
and ornstein should have dropped the leo ring.




+Boss+ Stray Demon

It's the asylum demon's big brother and he's pissed.

This guy isn't much harder to beat though. He has an AOE attack just like 
Quelaag, just get behind him and stay there.

He also has a jumping attack, stay in front of him to avoid it, and when he 
lands, get back behind him.

To put it simply, stay behind him, wait for him to do his AOE attack, walk 
backwards to avoid and attack, that's all there is to it.

When he dies you get 20k souls and he drops a titanite slab.



+Boss+ Crossbreed Priscilla.

When you enter she will say a few words, and let you decide if you want to
fight her or not. Ultimately it's your decision, but she will drop her soul
and you can cut off her tail for Priscilla's dagger, you guessed it, another
trophy weapon.

Let's just kill her.

Start by putting firestorm in your casting box, walk behind her and slash her
tail, she will become hostile and turn invisible.

Walk to the center of the area and cast firestorm, this should make her 
reappear. Technically, hitting her enough with anything will make her reappear
eventually, but it can be hard since the only way to tell where she is, is
by looking for footsteps in the snow and she is quite fast with attacking.

When she has reappeared, lock onto her, circle and start hitting her tail.
When it comes off, just keep going, you don't want to give her a chance to
attack you, her attacks cause bleed status, which hurts.

When she is one hit away from dying and her tail isn't off yet, this sometimes
happens, don't risk it, let yourself die and try again.

When she is dead you'll get 30k souls and the soul of priscilla.



+Boss+ Moonlight Butterfly

This fight takes place on a narrow bridge.

When she flies in, take out your bow and start shooting, she has 3 attacks,
all of which can be avoided by rolling into the side of the bridge she is on,
you just need to time it right, but by now her attacks shouldn't hurt much 
anymore anyway.

At some point, she will take a rest on the side of the bridge, take your sword
in two hands and start slashing. Pretty easy right?

for killing her you get 10000 souls and the soul of the moonlight butterfly.
- Ultimate_Finale wrote: at the bottom of the tower before the fog, if you
slash the bush in the corner, you can summon witch Beatrice to make the fight
even easier, so creds to him for this-

+Boss+ Great Grey Wolf Sif

This thing isn't too hard to beat, but watch out for it's attacks, they hurt.

His two main attacks are swipes with his sword.

When he takes the sword in his mouth with the edge pointing forward, he'll do
a spin attack, just back off.

When he takes his sword in his mouth with the edge pointing to the side he'll
do a swipe, this can be one, two or three swipes. After the first swipe, roll
forward, between his front legs and start slashing untill he jumps away.

Get close and wait out his next move. He also has a jump attack which you can 
block and some sort of backflip, also blockable.

That's pretty much it, it might take some practice to get this done though.

I have seen videos on YouTube from people who drive him into a corner, get 
under his head so he can't go anywhere and can't hit you, but I never got this
to work. If you can, it's even easier.

When he is almost dead, he'll start limping, almost making you feel sorry for 
him. I have heard rumors you can let him escape, but I can't get it done,
so I don't think it's true.

When he dies you get 40k souls, the covenant of artorias and the soul of Sif.
  
Also take the hornet ring from behind the large tombstone.


+Boss+ Four Kings

As soon as you hit the floor, the fight will start, but don't do anything yet.

Turn the camera around untill you see a figure coming toward you.

Run to it and when you get near, cast iron flesh. Now just start whacking.

As the name sort of implies, there are 4 of these guys, they will come at you
with a little time in between, so the key here is to get rid of them as soon
as you can, just ignore all of their attacks, they don't really hurt, just keep
attacking.

If something goes wrong and you are surrounded by more than 2 at once, just
stay up against the one you are locked on to and the other ones won't really 
bother you.

If you can't beat them because their attacks stagger you too much to have the 
time needed to take them out quickly, consider equipping havel's armor set
to raise your poise insanely.

For killing them you get 60k souls and the Bequeated lord soul shard.



+Boss+ Pinwheel

Sorry, I was just kidding about the difficult part, This guy will create 
copies of himself and teleport around the room, but honestly, if you die
here at this point in the game, you're doing something wrong.

Just run up to him and start attacking, he'll go down in only a few swipes.

For beating him you get 15000 souls, the rite of kindling, which allows you to
kindle bonfires up to giving 20 estus and he will drop a mask of either the
father, mother or child.


+Boss+ Gravelord Nito

When the fight starts, stay where you are, if you go into the cave, you will
alert some giants.

Nito will send small skeletons at you, take them down. Unless you kill them
with a divine weapon, they will revive, but don't bother just keep killing
them with your normal weapon untill Nito himself shows up.

If you hear screaming, roll away, a giant sword will come out of the ground.

As soon as you see Nito, cast iron flesh, ignore the skeletons and start 
slashing, he's weak against fire, so he'll go down quickly. When he does,
so will the skeletons.

For beating him you get 60k souls and the lord soul. 



+Boss+ Dark Sun Gwyndolin

When the fight starts, run towards him, he will teleport himself backward.

He will now do 1 of 3 things, he'll fly up in the air shooting arrows, zig-zag
around them and slash a few times untill he dissapears again.

He will shoot homing soul arrows, just wait behind a pillar untill he stops.

Or he will shoot a huge soul arrow, you will know he's going to do this when
he raises his catalyst, and the blue glow meaning he's going to cast something,
stays above his head for a few seconds. Just walk towards him and as soon as 
it is cast, roll to the side. You have to be quick though, it travels fast and 
hurts.

As you can see, the best time to lay on the hurt is when he starts shooting 
arrows, run up to him and slash him untill he dissapears.

For beating him you get 40k souls and the soul of Gwyndolin.




+Boss+ Seath the Scaleless, part 1

Don't waste any energy on this fight, you can't win. Just let yourself die.



+Boss+ Seath the Scaleless part 2

This time he's going down.

In the back of the room is a crystal, this is what regenerates him, so take 
that down first.

Now lure him in the middle og the arena and wait for him to raise his arms.

This means he's going to attack, carefull his spikes cause curse, hence the
crimson set, anyway, go behind him and start cutting the very tip of his
tail, as this is a dragon, you can cut off his tail to get a weapon, the
moonlight greatsword this time, I know this is a lot easier said than done
and you might want to let yourself die the first time, so he starts in the 
middle of the room.
If you need a visual on this, there are a few videos on YouTube that show how
to do this.

When the tail's off, it's easy, just keep running after it's left, your right,
tentacle and slash when you get the chance, he should never be able to hit you.

When he's down you get 60k souls and a bequethed lord soul shard.


+Boss+ Demon Firesage

Another boss like this? Geez, looks like they ran out of ideas or something.

This guy is a little harder however, he likes to move around a lot, and his
AOE attack seems to have a larger range. Another thing complicating this fight
are the trees in the room.

The best strategy for this one is to stay in front of it, trying to bait it
into it's jump attack, when it lands attack once or twice, and get some 
distance. When it does it's AOE, signaled by either holding it's club upside
down vertically or a high horizontal swing, just move back.

His melee attacks are blockable.

You'll get 20k souls and a demon's catalyst for beating him.



+Boss+ Centipede Demon

Another bossfight, man.

Honestly, for this one I don't have any real strategy.

When the fight starts, run through the lava to an island with a corpse holding
a green titanite shard, so you have some more space to move about.

When it jabs it's tentacles to you from the lava, roll away. 

Eventually it will come onto the island, go between his legs and start slashing

He has a jump attack which I can't seem to avoid, so I can't tell you how to
either.

For me, this always turns out to be a real slugfest, emptying out all my estus.
Iron flesh isn't really usefull either since he jumps around a lot.

Anyway, for beating him you get 40k souls and the orange charred ring.



+Boss+ Bed of Chaos

This is THE most annoying boss fight in the game.

The goal here is to first go into the 2 pods on either side of it and destroy
one of the roots, once one of them is gone, the floor will start to crumble
and the boss will try to knock you into the holes, and it's very good at that.

The good thing about this is that once you destroy something, it stays 
destroyed.

When both roots are gone, go to the center, the boss will destroy the floor.

Now, there is a tiny ledge sticking out towards the root, from there, jump onto
it, follow the path and kill the bug lying on the floor.

When it's done you get 60k souls and the lord soul.



+Boss+ Gwyn

This guy can be really daunting, he attacks relentlessly, and seems to have
infinite stamina. You can take him on mano y mano, but unless you're way more
skilled then I am you'll probably fail.

Luckily, we have iron flesh, as soon as the battle starts, Gwyn will come 
running. Quickly cast iron flesh and take your weapon in 2 hands, and start
slashing like there's no tomorrow, with the furysword he'll go down quickly,
possibly in an anti-climactic way even, but no matter, down is down.

Another way to beat him is to just parry and riposte his attacks. This takes 
practice however, and you might not even have used it once up to this point.

If you have practiced it, it's actually easier to beat him like this, if not,
Just use iron flesh.

For beating him you get 70k souls and the soul of Gwyn.

+Boss+ Sanctuary Guardian

Right from the get go, this thing is very aggressive.

You can cut off it's tail for the Guardian tail, a weapon that causes poison.
To cut it off, your best bet is to try and keep your distance, baiting it into 
a jumping attack, if you roll out of the way, you'll have a very short window
to attack it. One or two great combustions usually gets this done.

After the tail is cut, your best bet is to stay close, circling it.
When it goes in for it's melee combo, try to get at it's side and counter with
one or two hits.

When it's close to dying it will try and get away from you and will start to
use it's lightning attacks.

Just keep on the pressure, and keep as close as possible untill it dies.

When killed it will drop the Guardian Soul and 30k souls.

+Boss+ Knight Artorias

This is one mean mutha. If you thought O&S or 4 Kings was hard, you'll be in 
for a treat. He is very aggressive and dodging his attacks takes time to learn 
the timing.

On top of that, he also has very high resistances, only pyros seem to do amy
real damage.

He can also buff himself, which is telegraphed by him jumping back and 
surrounding himself with black smoke, rum up to him 2-handing your weapon to
stun him out of it, or you'll be sorry.

Anyway, all you can really do is to stay evasive and wait for an opening to
whittle down his health.

Good luck on this one.

For beating him you get the soul of Artorias and 50k souls.

+Boss+ Manus, Father of the Abyss

Again, this is one mean sob, if you're human, Sif's summon sign is right in 
the middle of the arena, if you can get to it.

Manus is no pushover, he has a mean 6 hit combo, which is hard to block and 
he just spams it the entire time, roll away as much as possible.

When his health gets low, he will start using dark sorceries, evade them.

Stay as eveasive as possible, learn his moves and attack at every chance you 
get.

For beating him you get the soul of manus and 60k souls. You will also have 
freed Dusk. If you talk to her she won't say much, but if you go to 
Elizabeth, you'll get 3 Elizabeth's mushrooms for your efforts.

+Boss+ Black Dragon Kalameet

What's with these hyper agressive bosses?

Anyway, as this is a dragon, you can cut off it's tail. You best bet is to 
wait untill he goes up on his hind legs and cut it a few times. This will get 
you the Obsidian Greatsword.

As for fighting this thing, the best I have come up with is to just try and 
get under him, most of his attacks won't hit you and if you just fight 
unlocked you can chip away his health in relative safety.

Just keep your hp up and you should be fine.

For beating him you get the Calamity ring and 60k souls.

++++Boss Video Guide++++[bvigu1]

Here you can find a list of links to the vids I shot beating all the bosses.
This is a work in progress though, so not every boss can be found yet.

-Asylum Demon

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fYzU31algA&feature=plcp

-Taurus Demon

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lQKKTA2ZEc&feature=channel&list=UL

-Bellfry Gargoyles

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOYYHbHSZh4&feature=plcp

-Red Dragon

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLRhsX-oWT8&feature=channel&list=UL

-Capra Demon

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOzv72cGRYY&feature=plcp

-Gaping Dragon

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYRc2aoAgqE&feature=plcp

-Quelaag

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZFi15L3JPg&feature=plcp

-Ceaseless Discharge

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Atk-zY3AWw4&feature=plcp

-Iron Golem

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELyeo2i5YFM&feature=plcp

-Ornstein & Smough

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJf9wu6gb3o&feature=plcp

-Stray Demon

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcBU-Ij5cao&feature=plcp

-Crossbreed Priscilla

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iw967IdIoo4&feature=plcp

-Moonlight Butterfly

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCJGqlqfjxs&feature=plcp

-Great Grey Wolf Sif

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jzw0q_GJBIw&feature=plcp

-Four Kings

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtgCunjJmfk&feature=plcp

-Pinwheel

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGYGUnVpxBg&feature=plcp

-Nito

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQn9hpHUAtI&feature=plcp

-Gwyndolin

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHrstwhhE70&feature=plcp

-Seath

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGqAk3oVNrg&feature=plcp

-Demon Firesage

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvIY8I9XfeM&feature=plcp

-Centipede Demon

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8xOLfzsZXI&feature=plcp

-Bed of Chaos part 1

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQeCPsw0Kns&feature=plcp

-Bed of Chaos part 2

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UB8L8xfnktk&feature=plcp

-Gwyn, parrying

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy7PLQB9j1c&feature=plcp

++++Covenants++++ [cvnts1]

+Way of the White+

location:
At the Firelink Shrine, talk to Petrus of Thorolund, who is standing near the 
elevator into Undead Parish.

requirements:
None, just talk to Petrus and he will let you join.

benefits:
none that I know of.
-Ultimate_Finale wrote: The benefit of the way of the white is that when you
are human you have a less chance of being invaded, creds to him-

+Warrior of Sunlight+

location:
Undead Burg, to the right of the bonfire past the red dragon.

requirements:
25 faith

benefits:
You will get the lightning spear miracle upon joinimg, great lightning spear 
after giving 10 sunlight medals and sunlight spear miracle after giving the 
soul of Gwyn.

+Path of the Dragon+

location:
All the way in the back of the Ash lake.

requirements:
none that I know of, maybe you need to have a dragon scale in your inventory.

benefits:
you can cut off the dragon's tail to get the dragon greatsword, needed for the 
knights honor trophy, when given enough dragon scales you get dragon suit.

Drop down your sign for other people to summon you and get a dragon scale if
you win.

+Chaos Servant+

location:
Near the entrance to the Demon Ruins behind a fake wall.

requirements:
Essentially none, but it helps if you awnser yes to the guy asking if you are 
a new servant, otherwise you have to kill him.

Benefits:

Great chaos fireball pyromancy upon entering, Chaos storm pyromancy after 
giving 30 humanity, a shortcut into Lost Izalith after giving 30 humanity.

+Princess's Guard+

location:
Anor londo, after beating Smough and Ornstein talk to Gwynevere again after 
obtaining the lordvessel.

requirements:
Technically none, but you must beat Smough and Ornstein to be able to reach 
her in the first place.

benefits:
Upon joining you get the Ring of the Sun Princess.

+Blades of the Darkmoon+

location:
Anor Londo, if you turn the lever on the elevator where you fight the second 
gargoyle a second time, go down the stairs.

Requirements:
You must find and equip the Darkmoon Seance Ring from the Catacombs, then 
stand inside the 4 squares on the ground behind the now vanished statue.

benefits:
Blue eye orb and Darkmoon Covenant Ring upon joining, the miracle Darkmoon 
Blade and a Darkmoon talisman after giving 10 souvenirs of reprisal.

Allows you to invade people that have been indicted and equippingthe ring
allows you to be summoned into other players dark Anor Londo to hunt and kill
them.

+Forest Hunter+

location:
Darkroot garden, the easiest way to get there is through darkroot basin, go up 
the ladder past the waterfall, cross the bridge to the giant panther enemies, 
and instead of going towards Sif, go into the mushroom area, there is some 
sort of tower near the water there, talk to the cat to join.

requirements:
Not having killed Sif yet.

benefits:
The other covenant guys, the ones we use for soul farming, won't attack you 
anymore, one of then is supposed to be a merchant.

Get summoned to other people in the forest, netting you an item aside from the
souls for every kill. After 3 kills talk to Alvina again for the Ring of Fog.

+Darkwraith+

location:
the abbyss, after killing the four kings, talk to Kaathe to join.

requirements:
having the Lordvessel in your inventory( don't place it with the help of 
Frampt)

benefits:
Dark Hand(needed for knights honor trophy) upon entering, the red eye orb after
giving 10 humanity, Dark sword and dark armor set after giving 30 humanity.


+Gravelord servant+

location:
The Catacombs, in the large room with the lightning shooting monster there is 
an open coffin, lie in it for some time to be taken to Nito.

requirements:
Obviously, not having beaten Nito yet, have at least one eye of death in your 
inventory.

benefits:
Upon joining, the Gravelord sword(needed for Knights honor trophy) Gravelord 
sword dance miracle, after giving 10 eyes of death Gravelord Greatsword dance 
miracle.

Use the eyes of dead to infect other peoples worlds, making black phantom 
enemies appear in their world. You'll leave a sign in their world allowing
them to invade you to try to kill you.

++++Pyromancies++++ [prmns1]

+Fireball+

where to get:
start out as a pyromancer, or buy from either Laurentius or Quelana

effect:
fire damage in a small AOE

+Fire Orb+

where to get:
Buy from Laurentius or Quelana

effect:
Fire damage in a large AOE

+Great Fireball+

where to get:
Buy from Quelana

effect:
Big fire damage in a huge AOE

+Great Chaos Fireball+

where to get:
Joining the Chaos servant covenant

effect:
Big fire damage in a huge AOE, leaves pools of lava on the floor

+Firestorm+

where to get:
Buy from Quelana

effect:
Fire pillars raise up around the caster

+Fire Tempest+

where to get:
Gift from Quelana after you kill Bed of Chaos. 

effect:
same as Firestorm, but stronger

+Chaos Storm+

where to get:
Give 30 humanity to the Chaos servant covenant

effect:
same as Firestorm, the power depends on your humanity

+Combustion+

where to get:
Buy from Laurentius or Quelana

effect:
Short range fire attack

+Great Combustion+

where to get:
Buy from Quelana

effect:
Stronger version of Combustion

+Fire Surge+

where to get:
In the painted world of Ariamis, it is dropped by a single fireball shooting
guy up a ladder when you go down the well.

effect:
Basically it's a flamethrower

+Fire Whip+

where to get:
Buy from Quelana

effect:
The name says it all

+Chaos fire whip+

where to get:
Lost Izalith, instead of going left through the fog and fight the boss, go 
straight, it is in a chest.

effect:
stronger version of Fire Whip

+Poison Mist+

where yo get:
Buy from egg carrier near chaos servant covenant after being infected with an
egg.

effect:
poisons enemies who touch the mist

+Toxic mist+

where yo get:
Buy from egg carrier near chaos servant covenant after being infected with an
egg.

effect:
Gives toxic status to enemies who touch the mist

+Acid Surge+

where to get:
Painted world of Ariamis, hidden behind a wall in the area where you fight 
Jeremiah

effect:
destoys enemy weapons and armor

+Flash Sweat+

where to get:
Buy from Laurentius

effect:
Raises fire defence

+Iron Flesh+

where to get:
Buy from Laurentius

effect:
Highly raises defence, but slows movement

+Power Within+

where to get:
Blighttown, it is guarded by the large plant-like thing in the wooden walkway
area

effect:
raises attack, but drains hp

+Undead Rapport+

where to get:
Buy from Quelana

effect:
Turns undead into allies for a short time


++++Sorceries++++ [srcrs1]

+Soul Spear+

where to get:
Start as a sorcerer, buy from Griggs, Rickert or Logan

effect:
shoots a ball of magic energy

+Great Soul Arrow+

where to get:
Buy from Griggs or Logan

effect:
Same as Soul Arrow, but stronger.

+Heavy Soul Arrow+

where to get:
Buy from Griggs, Rickert or Logan

effect:
Same as Soul Arrow, but stronger and longer casting time

+Great Heavy Soul Arrow+

where to get:
Buy from Griggs or Logan

effect:
Same as Soul Arrow, but stronger and longer casting time

+Homing Soulmass+

where to get:
Buy from Logan

effect:
Balls of magic energy that attack nearest enemy

+Homing Crystal Soulmass+

where to get:
Buy from Logan after rescuing him at the Duke's Archives

effect:
Same as homing Soulmass but stronger

+Soul Spear+

where to get:
Buy from Logan

effect:
Fires a spear of magic energy

+Crystal Soul Spear+

where to get:
Buy from Logan after rescuing him at the Duke's Archives

effect:
Same as Soul Spear but stronger

+White Dragon Breath+

where to get:
Defeat Logan after he has gone hollow

effect:
Same as Seath's attack

+Magic Weapon+

where to get:
Buy from Griggs or Logan

effect:
your melee weapon does magic damage

+Great Magic Weapon+

where to get:
Anor Londo, cut down the chandelier, then pick it up on the ground floor

effect:
Same as Magic Weapon, but stronger

+Crystal Magic Weapon+

where to get:
Buy from Logan after rescuing him in the Duke's Archives

effect:
Same as Magic Weapon, but stronger

+Magic Shield+

where to get:
Buy from Griggs or Logan

effect:
Raises shield stability

+Strong Magic Shield+

where to get:
on the highest level of the room in the Duke's Archives with the bonfire after
the prison area

effect:
same as magic shield but stronger

+Aural Decoy+

where to get:
Buy from Griggs

effect:
Lure enemies away from you

+Hush+

where to get:
Sen's Fortress, at the second boulder trap drop down onto the ledge with the
She-snake, on a corpse.

effect:
You don't make sound

+Fall Control+

where to get:
Buy from Griggs

effect:
Reduces fall damage

+Hidden Weapon+

where to get:
Buy from Dusk

effect:
Your weapon becomes invisible

+Hidden Body+

where to get:
Buy from Dusk

effect:
You become invisible

+Repair+

where to get:
Buy from Dusk

effect:
Repairs your gear

+Cast Light+

where to get:
Buy from Dusk

effect:
Creates a light

+Chameleon+

where to get:
Buy from Dusk

effect:
Turns you into into object

+Remedy+

where to get:
Blighttown, next to the Crimson clothes set

effect:
Cures poison and toxic

+Resist Curse+

Where to get:
Buy from Ingward

effect:
Removes curse 


++++Miracles++++ [mrcls1]

+Heal+

where to get:
Buy from Petrus or Rhea

effect:
Heals hp

+Great Heal Exerpt+

where to get:
Buy from Petrus or Rhea

effect:
Same as Heal but stronger

+Great Heal+

where to get:
Buy from Rhea

effect:
Heals full hp

+Soothing Sunlight+

where to get:
Dropped by jellyfish guarding Logan in Duke's Archives

effect:
AOE healing

+Replenishment+

where to get:
Gift from Rhea after beating Vince and Nico

effect:
Healing over time

+Bountifull Sunlight+

where to get:
Dropped by jellyfish guarding Logan in Duke's Archives

effect:
AOE healing over time

+Force+

where to get:
Buy from Petrus or Rhea

effect:
Pushes back enemies

+Wrath of the Gods+

where to get:
Buy from Rhea

effect:
AOE damage around the caster

+Emit force+

where to get:
Gift from the fat guy after saving him in Anor Londo

effect:
Defends against arrows

+Magic Barrier+

where to get:
Buy from Rhea

effect:
raises defence

+Great Magic Barrier+

where to get:
Ash Lake, drop down from the slope into the dead tree near dragon covenant

effect:
Same as Magic Barrier, but stronger

+Homeward+

where to get:
Buy from Petrus

effect:
Warps back to last bonfire rested at

+Seek Guidance+

where to get
Buy from Petrus or Rhea

effect:
shows more messages online

+Lightning Spear+

where to get:
join warrior of sunlight covenant (need 50 faith)

effect:
Throw lightning spear

+Great Lightning Spear+

where to get:
Warrior of Sunlight covenant after offering 10 sunlight medals

effect:
Same as Lightning spear, but stronger

+Sunlight Spear+

where to get:
Warrior of Sunlight covenant after offering Gwyn's soul

effect 
Same as Lightning spear, but stronger

+Karmic Justice+

where to get:
Buy from Oswald

effect:
Counters damage taken

+Vow of silence+

where to get:
Painted world of Ariamis, on top of the tower with 4 crow chicks

effect:
Prevents use of magic

+Sunlight Blade+

where to get:
Anor Londo, after beating Gwyndolyn in the next room

effect:
Powers up right hand weapon

+Darkmoon Blade+

where to get:
Darkmoon covenant, after giving 10 souvenirs of reprisal

effect:
Powers up right hand weapon

+Gravelord Sword Dance+

where to get:
Join Gravelord covenant

effect:
Giant sword raises from the ground

+Gravelord Greatsword Dance+

where to get:
Gravelord covenant, after offering 10 eyes of death

effect:
same as Gravelord Sword Dance, but stronger
 
+tranquil walk of peace+

where to get:
The Catacombs, after getting darkmoon seance ring, go through the hole in the 
wall and climb the ladder at the end of the path

effect:
Slows enemy movement

++++Trophy information++++ [troin1]

+The Dark Soul+ (platinum)

Obtain all other trophies

+To Link the Fire+ (gold)

Light the bonfire after beating Gwyn

+Dark Lord+ (gold)

Walk out the door after beating Gwyn

+Knight's honor+ (silver)

Obtain all of the following weapons

-Boss soul weapons

All boss soul weapons are created from the corresponding +10 weapon, except for
the catalyst

Quelaags Furysword--------------soul of Quelaag------------falchion or scimitar
Chaos Blade---------------------soul of Quelaag-----------------Uchigatana
Golem Axe-----------------------core of an Iron Golem-----------any axe
Dragon Bone Fist----------------core of an Iron golem-----------ceastus
Dragon Slayer Spear-------------soul of Ornstein----------------any spear
Smough's Hammer-----------------soul of Smough------------------any club
Lifehunt Scythe-----------------soul of Priscilla---------------halberd
Horn of the Moonlight Butterfly-soul of the Moonlight Butterfly-any spear
Crystal Ring Shield-------------soul of the Moonlight Butterfly-any shield
Greatsword of Arthorias---------soul of Sif---------------------any greatsword
Greatsword of Arthorias---------soul of Sif---------------------broken sword
Greatshield of Arthorias--------soul of Sif---------------------any shield
Darkmoon Bow--------------------soul of Gwyndolin---------------any bow
Tin Darkmoon Catalyst-----------soul of Gwyndolin---------------any catalyst
Great Lord Greatsword-----------soul of Gwyn--------------------any greatsword  

-Weapons dropped by enemies

Black knight sword
Black knight with sword in the Kiln of the First Flame

Black knight greatsword
Black knight with greatsword in the Kiln of the first flame

Black knight greataxe
Black knight with greataxe in the Kiln of the first Flame

Black knight halberd
Black knight with haberd in the Kiln of the first Flame

Black knight shield
Any black knight

Channelers Trident
Sorcerers in the Duke's Archives

Crescent axe
Patches in tomb of giants or firelink shrine

Crest shield
The guy who gave you the estus flask, after going hollow

Demon's spear
The pink colored demons in Anor Londo

Jagged Ghost Blade
Ghosts in New Londo Ruins

Silver knight straight sword
Sword wielding silver knight in Anor Londo

Silver knight spear
Spear wielding silver knight in Anor Londo

Silver knight shield
Any silver knight in Anor Londo

Stone greatsword
Stone giants in Darkroot Garden

Stone Greatshield
Stone giants in Darkroot Garden

Grant
Paladin Leeroy in Tomb of Giants

Sanctus shield
Paladin Leeroy in Tomb of Giants

Demon's Catalyst
Demon Firesage boss in Demon Ruins

Izalith Catalyst
Pyromancer just before Bed of Chaos boss

-Weapons obtained by cutting of boss's tails

Drake sword----------Red Dragon
Dragon King Greataxe-Gaping Dragon
Gargoyle Tail Axe----Bellfry Gargoyles
Dragon Greatsword----Dragon covenant dragon
Priscilla's Dagger---Crossbreed Priscilla
Moonlight Greatsword-Seath the Scaleless

-Weapons obtained by joining covenants

Gravelord Sword-Gravelord Servant covenant
Dark Hand-------Darkwraith covenant

-Weapons that can be found

Astora's straight sword
on a corpse near the dragon in Valley of Drakes

Bloodshield
on a corpse near the dragon in the Painted world of Ariamis

Effigy Shield
On a corpse in the Tomb of the Giants

Dragon Crest Shield
on a corpse near the dragon in Valley of Drakes

Dragon Slayer Greatbow
On a corpse in Anor Londo

Dragon Tooth
Chest in Anor Londo

Havel's Greatshield
Chest in Anor Londo

Velka's rapier
On a corpse in the Painted world of Ariamis

Black Iron Greatshield
Chest in Anor Londo
-the iron greatshield was brought to my attention by Ahriman from the GameFAQs
Dark Souls board, thanks-
-creds for this list go to whoever posted it on darksouls.wikidot.com, thanks-
 
+Wisdom of a Sage+ (silver)
Obtain all sorceries

+Bond of a Pyromancer+ (silver)
Obtain all pyromancies

+Prayer of a Maiden+ (silver)
Obtain all miracles

+Covenant: Way of White+ (bronze)
Join the Way of White covenant

+Covenant: Princess's Guard+ (silver)
Join the Princess's Guard covenant

+Covenant: Blade of the Darkmoon+ (silver)
Join the Blade of the Darkmoon covenant

+Covenant: Warrior of Sunlight+ (silver)
Join the Warrior of Sunlight covevant

+Covenant: Forest Hunter+ (silver)
Join the Forest Hunter covenant

+Covenant: Darkwraith+ (silver)
Join the Darkwraith covenant

+Covenant: Path of the Dragon+ (silver)
Join the Path of the Dragon covenant

+Covenant: Gravelord Servant+ (silver)
Join the Gravelord Servant covenant

+Covenant: Chaos Servant+ (silver)
Join the Chaos Servant covenant

+Strongest Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade a standard weapon to +15

+Crystal Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade a crystal weapon to +5

+Lightning Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade a lightning weapon to +5

+Raw Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade a raw weapon to +5

+Magic Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade a magic weapon to +10

+Enchanted Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade an enchanted weapon to +5

+Divine Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade a divine weapon to +10

+Occult Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade an occult weapon to +5

+Fire Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade a fire weapon to +10

+Chaos Weapon+ (bronze)
Upgrade a chaos weapon to +5

+Enkindle+ (bronze)
Light your first bonfire

+Estus Flask+ (bronze)
Obtain the estus flask

+Reach Lordan+ (bronze)
Reach the Firelink Shrine

+Ring the Bell (undead church)+ (bronze)
The name says it all

+Ring the Bell (Quelaag's Domain)+ (bronze)
The name says it all

+Rite of Kindling+ (bronze)
Obtain the Rite of Kindling

+Art of Abysswalking+ (bronze)
Obtain the covenant of Artorias

+Reach Anor Londo+ (silver)
The name says it all

+Lordvessel+ (silver)
Obtain the Lordvessel

+Defeat Gravelord Nito+ (silver)
The name says it all

+Defeat Bed of Chaos+ (silver)
The name says it all

+Defeat the Four Kings+ (silver)
The name says it all

+Defeat Seath the Scaleless+ (silver)
The name says it all

+Defeat the Dark Sun Gwyndolin+ (silver)
The name says it all

+Defeat Crossbreed Priscilla+ (silver)
The name says it all

++++Frequently Asked Questions++++ [frasq1]

Q: The dragon on the bridge in Undead Burg keeps healing so I can't kill it.

A: You're not doing enough damage, upgrade your bow, buy stronger arrows, 
whatever you need to do to do more damage. I'm not sure about the minimum 
damage compared to it's hp you need to do, but that's the trick.
-this info was brought to my attention by someone from the GameFAQs Dark Souls 
board, I don't remember who it was, but thanks-


Q: I heard From Software is working on DLC, are you going to add it in your
guide when the time comes?

A: Yes, it's right in here.

Q: Your strategy for [insert boss] sucks! How do I really beat it?

A: The strategies I use are based on the build I use in the guide, which is a
dex based pyromancer. With a pure strength build, the mentioned strategies will
probably work too. But with an int or faith build, they probably won't, since
you're probably not equiped for close range combat.

Q: I found [insert item] in [insert area] that's not in your guide, will you 
put it in?

A: Ask yourself if it's an important item, if you found some soul somewhere,
don't bother. If it's an important item like a piece of usefull equipment, I
probably will.


++++Version History++++ [verhi1]

V0.0
November 4th 2011
Got platinum trophy(yay for me!), decided to write this guide.

V0.5
November 11th 2011
Got the walkthrough up to Sen's Fortress.

V0.6 
November 15th 2011  
Got the walkthrough up to the Painted world of Ariamis, completed the pyromancy
list and corrected some typos.

V0.7 
November 16th 2011
completed walkthrough up to beating moonlight butterfly
completed sorcery and miracle lists
realised I forgot a sorcery back in Sen's Fortress, added it to the walkthrough
took out some more typos.

V0.95
November 20th 2011
Completed the walkthrough(finally)
added some tips from Ultimate_Finale
took out more typos

V1.0
November 22th 2011
Guide COMPLETE!!
added a tip from Harald

V1.1
December 12th 2011
Added a few bits of info in the character creation section
Added some tips from Katana Faraway
Rewrote a few small things to make it more clear
added the route to the blacksmith in the catacombs
Took out even more typos, I'll stop looking for them now, they drive me insane.

V1.11
January 4th 2012
Added 3 boss strategies from Wassim Rachwani.
Added a tip from cocoloco.


V1.25
March 15th 2012
Started an update for the guide to suit patch 1.05. I'm not going to review 
every item change, nor am I going for a full platinum run, just checking boss
strategies, rewards and glitches and exploits that may or may not work anymore.

Changes I noticed so far:
Although enemies seem more responsive to your actions, the difficulty is turned 
down a lot since patch 1.03.

Enemies drop way more souls and item drop rates seem to be a lot better too 
since 1.03.

Andre now sells arrows.

Bosses give an insanely high amount of souls now, the gargoyles for example now
give 10k souls instead of the 1500 they did back in 1.03. They also give 
Humanity and other items upon dying.

V1.75
March 18th 2012
Got the update up to beating Gwyndolin

More changes I noticed:
Iron Flesh is way less effective.

The Gold Hemmed set is also way less effective.

A lot of merchants/blacksmiths now sell both arrows and titanite.

Ornstein and Smough will still trash you if not carefull.

The guys in Darkroot we use for farming are far less dangerous.

Nito can now use curse.

V2.0
March 20th 2012
Finished updating the walkthrough, it's now compatible with patch 1.05.

Last change I noticed:
Because Iron Flesh is turned down a lot, Gwyn is a little harder. I tried 
using the parry/riposte strategy, but I suck too much at it to do it 
effectively. But with Havel's set it's still doable to just force your way 
through. 

V2.1
April 10th 2012

Added a Q&A section
Added a tip from Ykks 

V2.13
September 11th 2012
Because of an idea Superbamse put in my head I've started a video guide on the
game's many bosses, still a long way to go though...

V2.15 
September 14th 2012
Got the video guide up to beating Crossbreed Priscilla

V3.0
December 5th 2012
Did a total revamp of the guide
Added the Siegmeyer and Solaire side quests
Added a DLC guide
Added a PVP section

V3.1 
May 13th 2013
Added a few small things
Removed Cheatcc.com as site allowed to host this, for reasons that are my own.

++++Special Thanks++++ [speth1]

From Software for creating my game of the year 2011
Sony for making the ps3
Everybody who has used and has been helped by this guide
darksouls.wikidot.com for helping me find that last godd*** miracle, I'd 
probably still be looking for it without it.
Everybody who e-mailed me with tips and positve feedback, thanks people.


++++Contact++++ [cntct1]

If you have any suggestions, comments or questions about this guide, you can 
send an e-mail to haarlemthehardest@yahoo.com. Just state that it is about this
guide and I will get back to you asap, just be nice, I won't anwser if you just
kick this guide down. Also, use normal English or Dutch(my native language). If 
your e-mail helps me learn things about the game I didn't know or the info is 
otherwise helpfull, I will put it in here and off course credit you.

