
Is that a cool way to travel or what?

Anyway, first order of business is to go to the bonfire.
Now you should be able to gain 1 level, invest it in dex. Do not use the soul 
you got earlier, you'll want to use it at the first merchant, just a little 
while ahead.

You should see a blue guy in front of you. If you talk to him he tells you to 
go ring the bells, one in the church upstairs and one in blighttown. Basically 
that's our first mission, but first let's explore.

If you go down the stairs to your left you will see some sort of prison with 
the firekeeper inside. She cannot speak but if you find a firekeeper soul and 
give it to her, she will upgrade your estus flask to heal better.

Go down the next flight of stairs and you will come to a lift, this takes you 
to New Londo Ruins, but trust me unless you need to go to the blacksmith down 
there you do not want to be there yet, in fact even when you need to go there 
to proceed with the game, you don't want to go there.

So back up the stairs, you will see a well with an item, this is Humanity. 
Humanity is really neat because it allows you to go back to your human form, 
kindle fires, raise your drop rate, and deal more damage to foes,
Just be carefull, if you die you'll lose it, just like your souls.
The amount of humanity you have is dislayed in the top left corner of the 
screen.

From the well go up the stairs and take the rightmost archway, here you will 
find 6 Firebombs, basically the item version of Fireball.

The middle archway leads to Petrus of Thorolund, who, if you keep talking to 
him, will sell you miracles and a talisman, teach you a Gesture, and lets you 
join his covenant, the way of the white.

Go up the stairs to his right and you will come to 2 archways, if you go 
through them you will come to four chests giving you 4 cracked red eye orb, 
1 morning star, 1 talisman,6 homeward bone, and 4 Lloyd's talisman.

Jump down here and you will come to a skeleton infested graveyard. There are a 
few good items here, but the skellies are pretty strong so we'll do that later, 
just get the hell out of there and rest at the bonfire so any skeleton chasing 
you will be gone.

Back to Petrus and up the stairs, now instead of going to the arches, go right 
up the stairs and take the soul of a lost undead.

Now from the well near the bonfire, go towards the large tree and up the 
stairs, there will be a few enemies here, just be carefull, patient and take 
them out with ease. Now before you go to the item and the soldier guy in the 
back, go up the stairs and take out the firebomber and axe and sword guys that 
ambush you. The soldier is easiest taken care of backstabbing.

Take the soul of the lost undead. On the bridge you have probably seen an item, 
you can jump the gap and get it, it´s a ring of sacrifice, but I don´t really 
find it worth the risk.

Go back up the stairs and take the Soul of a Lost Undead from the corpse.

Through the door and to your left will be a rat guarding another Soul of a lost 
undead, but be carefull, the rat can poison you.

If you turn around there will be an archway to your left and a closed gate in 
front of you, you can't open the gate yet, so go left.

++++Undead Burg++++[undbu1]

When you go up the stairs you will be attacked by 2 guys, by now you should 
know what to do.

After killing them you will see a few stacked barrels, break them and jump down 
to get a Large soul of a lost undead.  

Jump down again and you will be ambushed from 2 sides by 3 guys, so be 
carefull.

Before you cross the bridge to the right, go into the building on your left and 
take the Soul of a lost undead from the corpse in the window. You can't go up 
the stairs.

Cross the bridge, go through the building and be carefull of a 4 guy ambush, 
take the Rubbish, this is used for trading with Snuggly, we'll get to that 
later.

Go up the ladder and take the Humanity from the corpse and jump back down to 
the start of the area, cross the small bridge to your left and kill the 
firebomber. Be carefull, inside the building to your left is a guy who will 
ambush you so kill him too.

Cross the white light and take the Soul of a lost undead from the corpse under 
the stairs, go up the stairs but don't bother trying to jump to the second 
floor of the other building from here, you won't make it.

Go right and up the stairs and... Whoa what the hell? You know we're going to 
kill you for that, you a******?

Well, up the stairs will be 3 guys with swords and 1 on the building with a 
crossbow, take them out.

Open the door, take the wooden shield and equip it if you want, but unless you 
have gotten a hollow soldier shield dropped we'll buy a heater shield in a few 
moments.

Go up the stairs and into the building on your left, light the bonfire and 
reverse hollowing and kindle the flame if you have the humanity, kindling will 
restock your estus to 10 instead of 5 and we'll be using this bonfire a lot in 
the coming hour or so. Also note that if you kindle a bonfire while online, 
every player that lastly used said bonfire will get a free estus, so you are 
not just doing it for yourself.

Anyway, get your dexterity up to 12 now if you have the souls, otherwise grind 
for them around here.

Now go back down the stairs, take out the guys and go left across the bridge 
we skipped earlier.  

At the end of the path will be 2 guys with shields and spears, the best way to 
deal with them is to attack once, they will block it but it will bait them 
into counterattacking, if you circle them while locked on you can easily 
backstab them, take note that while you are in the backstab animation, you 
will not take damage, but be carefull, because when it ends it can happen that 
you get attacked and don't have time to block.

Guys dead? good.

To the left of this area are a few crates hiding a stairwell, so destroy them 
and go down.

If you go through the door in front of you there is a merchant who sells some 
good stuff, for now at least.

Buy the shortbow, 100-200 wooden arrows, if you don't have a hollow soldier 
shield, buy the heater shield and if you have the souls also buy the residence 
key and the repairbox, but we can leave those 2 for later.

Equip the shield and bow, and don't forget to equip the arrows, or your bow 
will be useless.

Now, go back inside the building and go left, there's an axeguy waiting to 
ambush you behind a bookcase so do what you need to.

Continue through the door and at the end of the walkway there will be 4 guys, 
get creative(or destructive, depending on your point of view) and take care of 
them.

Go up the ladder, take the 10 throwing knives and from here you can jump to the 
second floor of the building we didn't jump to earlier, where you will find a 
crossbow and some bolts, crossbows take a long time to reload, so that's why I 
prefer normal bows, also a crossbow is scaled with strength(I think), normal 
bows with dex.

Let's go back to the bonfire and rest so we can continue.

First take care of the guys that attack you as soon as you step out the door, 
then it's time to take out our bow.

Shoot the guys on the roof that are throwing firebombs, a headshot does more 
damage. There are 3 of them, but the leftmost one is a bit hard to hit so you 
can just leave him.

If you move your crosshair down and to the right you will see a soldier, shoot 
him once and wait for him to come to you, because inside the building are also 
2 axeguys. The soldier sometimes takes one with him, but that shouldn't pose 
too much of a problem.

After taking care of our friends there will be a closed gate inside the 
building which cannot be opened from this side, so go left.

Go into the building to your right, kill the 2 guys and open the chest for 5 
black firebombs.

Back outside go up the stairs and lure out the 3 guys one by one before killing 
them.

Now go inside the round tower, kill the sniper and go back down. If you have 
either the master key or the residence key, you can open the door to get 3 
Gold pine resin. This item gives lightning element to your right hand weapon, 
which comes in handy for the next boss.

Back outside you have probably alerted a spear soldier so do your thing.


Go up the ladder, kill the last firebomber if you haven't already and take the 
soul of a lost undead.

Go back down and lure out the soldiers one by one with the bow and kill them.

Go up the stairs, but look out, a soldier will roll down a flaming barrel so 
evade and kill the soldier.

Now prepare for a semi tough fight.

Back down the stairs you will see another stair going down. At the end of this 
is a black knight guarding an item.

Shoot him with your bow, then lure him back to the large open space with the 
round tower. Keep circling him untill you get a chance to backstab, he will 
survive so immediatly lock onto him again and throw a fireball at him, Switch 
back to your axe and repeat untill dead. He will drop a Titanite chunk, which 
is used to upgrade weapons, and possibly a Black knight sword or shield.

You now will probably want to go back to the bonfire and rest up which is a 
good idea, also level up, put everything on strength because we need to get it 
at 16 for our next melee weapon. Spend any extra souls on arrows.
The item the BK guarded is a blue tearstone ring, which raises your defence 
when your HP is low, might as well equip it.

Go back to the flaming barrel stairs and into the tower.

With the master key you can open the door in front of you, but behind it is a 
powerfull enemy who we can barely tickle right now so go up the stairs.

On the level with the white fog is a lizard hiding behind a barrel. Lizards 
drop all kinds of titanite but disapear if you can't kill them quick enough, 
so leave it for later.

Past the white fog is a ladder to your immediate right, climb it and kill the 
snipers.


+Boss+ Taurus Demon

Alright, go down the ladder, use a gold pine resin and walk untill about 
halfway the bridge.

Big ugly will jump down, so turn around, run back and climb the ladder.

Wait untill it's below you, lock on and jump attack him.

This takes away about 50% of his HP, afterwards stand between his legs and 
start slashing like a madman, he'll probably hit you once but it doesn't really
hurt.

There, another boss easily taken down, you'll get 3000 souls for your efforts.

If you want some visuals on how to kill it, copy and paste this link:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lQKKTA2ZEc&feature=youtu.be

At the end of the walkway is a stairs going down with 2 crates against the 
wall, destroy the rightmost one for a large soul of a lost undead.

At the bottom of the stairs is a locked door in front, which can't be opened 
yet, a bridge with some soldiers to the left and an open area to the right, go
there first.

Here we will find Solaire of Astora, who, if you talk to him will give you the 
White sign soapstone which enables you to summon other people to help you 
against bosses when you are human. You can also sometimes summon NPC's with it.

Now carefully walk onto the bridge, after a few steps turn around and run back.

It's our dragon buddy!

Ok, make sure you're at full health and run on the right side of the bridge 
taking the stairs down to safety.

There are 2 doors here, first take the one with the stairs going down, kick the
ladder to create a shortcut and rest at the bonfire.

Time to do some grinding.

If you go back up the ladder and up the stairs leading to the dragon, you can 
bait it into killing the soldiers for you by walking onto the bridge, just past
the first soldier and running back down. This will give you 500 souls every 
time, so run back to the bonfire to respawn the soldiers and repeat.

The stats we're aiming for are 16 Strength, 14 Dex, and you might as well raise
your Vitality and endurance by 1 or 2 points too.

When you are done go up the ladder and take the other door, which leads under 
the bridge. At the end is a soldier with a sword and hiding behind the wall is 
a soldier with a spear, get rid of them by any means.

Once they are dead, go to the side of the bridge where you can see the dragon's
tail. If you stand next to the last pillar that isn't attached to the castle, 
you can shoot it's tail. When you do enough damage it's tail will fall off and 
give you the Drake Sword, pretty much the best weapon you can have at this 
point.

Take note however that it scales with nothing, the only way to deal more damage
with it is by upgrading it, which we can't right now.

If you want to you can kill the dragon now, giving 10K souls, but it will take 
a long time and takes away the best grinding spot we have right now, so let's 
do it later.

If you go to where the spear soldier was you will see a door, inside are 3 rats
so you can test out your new toy. Remember they can poison you, so just block 
and counter.

Take the ladder going up and to your left you will see a stairs going up. On 
top of it is a Black Knight, this one is a little harder to beat than the first
one so we'll take care of him when we go kill the dragon.

++++Undead Parish++++[undpa1]

Through the door on your right is a soldier, past him you can see a big boar ,
3 soldiers and 2 snipers on the walkway. 2 of those soldiers you can lure to 
you with your bow, the third one will go hide behind the boar.

Be carefull luring them however because hiding to your right is a spear guy.

As soon as the soldiers are dead, go immediately right, up the stairs and waste
the spear soldier and the snipers. Then stand on the archway and kill the boar 
with arrows or fireball.

One of the soldiers  could have closed the large gate, sometimes it happens, 
sometimes it doesn't. We're not going through it anyway. To the right of the 
gate is a stairs going down and a guy trying to bait you into following him, 
don't do it because you will be jumped by 2 other guys, so carefully walk in 
to lure them out and take out everyone inside.

In the back of the room you can find the mystery key, so take it and go up the 
hard to see ladder you just passed.

Kill the 2 guys and carefully walk across the beam to get a Large soul of a 
lost undead.

Go up the stairs and through the white light, across the bridge there are 
stairs to your left and a walkway to your right, go right first.

Carefully approach the knight and backstab him, with the drake sword it should 
kill him. If something goes wrong and he notices you just use the basic block 
and counter. Watch out when he raises his sword though, that means he will 
parry and riposte which hurts, a lot. Anyway, take the knight shield, go back 
and up the stairs.

To your left will be a spear soldier waiting to ambush you so kill him.

Go through the door, walk outside and go left, quickly take out the knight and
turn around. Now kill the spear soldier and continue.

Out on the walkway take the first left and you'll be behind the closed(or not) 
gate. Take the basement key and halberd lying here and carefully approach the 
door.

There will be a knight running at you, lure him outside and backstab him.
Take out your bow, shoot the second knight and kill him too.

While you were sniping the second knight, you probably saw a really big knight 
in the back of the room, lure him out with an arrow and kill him, just don't go
through the door because a third knight is waitng to your left to ambush you.

After all enemies are dead, run to where the big knight was and take the 
Firekeeper soul, just know that on a walkway above you there will be a sorcerer
casting soul arrows at you.

From the firekeeper soul go right, kill the 3 soldiers and cross the bridge 
into another building.

If you go down the stairs you will come to a bonfire, light it,rest at it and 
if you have the humanity reverse your hollowing(if nescesary) and kindle the 
flame, don't use your souls for levelling though, the hammering sound you hear 
is Andre of Astora, a blacksmith, who is downstairs. Repair any equipment and 
buy at least the repairbox. Andre now sells arrows too.

Grinding time again.

You probably saw that Andre also sells the Crest of Arthorias for 20K souls.

Go back to where you just came from, kill the 3 soldiers, then go left across 
the walkway, backstab the knight, kill the spearguy, go to the large area 
behind the gate, kill the 3 knights inside the building, go back to the bonfire
and repeat untill you have enough souls.

Now go to Andre, buy the crest and go through the door near him.

This ugly thing can be beaten real easily(although cheap) by standing behind a 
broken pillar in the middle of the room where he can't hit you but you can hit 
him with manual aim. He drops a Demon titanite and can also drop a titanite 
catchpole altough this never happened for me.


++++Darkroot Garden++++[darga1]

As soon as you enter, go left. You'll see a walking tree like thing coming at 
you, don't let them grab you, just block and counter. It should go down after 
3 hits. These guys have a fairly high drop rate of moss clumps, different 
colors heal different status changes, like poison.

When you kill the second tree look behind you, you'll see a glowing flower on 
a hill, go there.

Now go right and go down the winding path, try to kill the lizard and keep 
going down untill you see an item on a cliff you can jump down to, do so to get
the longbow, some feather arrows and the leather armor set.

If you have 14 dex. equip it and the armor if you want. Now use a homeward bone
to go back to the bonfire.

Get back to darkroot garden and now walk to the end of it with the glowing sign
on a door.

Before you open the door using the crest you bought, hit the wall to the left 
of it revealing a bonfire, kindle if you have the humanity.

Now, if you open the door, you will see some guy standing in front of you, 
don't try to fight him. Alone he's pretty strong and his friends will join the 
fight early on.

What you want to do is run past the guy to your left untill you see another 
guy, then turn right, a third guy will drop down, now turn around running back 
to the stairs, you should also have alerted a fourth guy.

Instead of running up the stairs, go to the edge on the right, stand close to 
the wall and wait, all 4 of them should jump to their deaths from the stairs 
above you, giving you 7000(!) souls. Do this as long as you want/dare.

If you have trouble doing this with my crappy description, there are plenty 
videos on YouTube showing how to do this.

We have just found the second best grinding method in the game that I don't 
consider cheating, there is a better one and I will mention it when it becomes 
available, but like I said, it's cheating.

In patch 1.05 these guys are far less dangerous than they were and can now
easily be defeated by fighting them, it takes a little longer, but is safer and
more faultproof. 

From here on out I will not tell you to grind anymore, if you need souls for 
buying or leveling, just go here. I will however point out decent grinding 
opportunities whenever we get there.

Now back to the game.

++++Undead Parish++++ [undpa2]

Go back to the area where the firekeeper soul was, if you enter from the door 
with the 3 soldiers, you will see 2 gates, 1 open 1 closed, this is an elevator
back to firelink shrine. Step in the open gate, touch the floor button and get 
out again unless you need to rest, from now on this is a shortcut.

If you look to your right you will see a stairs going up, go there but be 
carefull of the knight, lure him down and kill him.

Go up the stairs and through the window you can see the sorcerer that was 
annoying us earlier, just shoot arrows through the window to kill him, he 
shouldn't be able to hit you.

Now be carefull, if you enter the large room you will be ambushed by many 
swordguys so walk in a few steps, lock on to the first one and walk back, 
either blocking and countering or fireballing them, whatever works best for 
you.

Once they are all dead, go left twice, kill the knight, when the path starts 
turning left you will see some planks with light shining behind them, slash 
through them and up the stairs.

Here you will meet Lautec of Carim behind bars. If you picked up the mystery 
key you can free him. Now you can either leave him there so he will show 
himself out or you can kill him giving you a Ring of favor and protection. 
It's a nifty ring which raises your hp, stamina and max equipment load, 
but I advice to let him go, we'll get a chance (and a real reason) to kill him 
later anyway. If you don't do anything he'll get out, but he won't reward you 
after beating the next boss.

Go back down, continue the path you came from and slash the barrel with the 
corpse in it to get a humanity.

Go all the way back to the large room where the ambush was, go straight through
the door and take the large soul of a nameless soldier.

Back to the large room, go left twice again, follow the path and prepare 
yourself.

+Boss+ Bellfry Gargoyles.

If you are going for the platinum trophy I suggest doing this in 2 stages.

The first rum just go for cutting of it's tail, take the Gargoyle tail axe and 
quit to the menu, reload to get right back before the fog.

If you didn't kill or otherwise aggroed Solaire(the knight who gave you the 
white soapstone), you can summon him here. Do so and if he survives he will 
give you a Sunlight medal. You are going to need 10 of these to get a miracle 
from the sunlight warrior covenant.

Anyway, here's the strategy.

From the start keep moving, he has a confusing jump attack that can let you 
throw youself of the roof if you're not carefull.

Just get close, bait him into doing an attack, get behind him and attack.

This way he'll go down pretty quickly, just beware after about a minute his 
buddy shows up who will start breathing fire. 

Just stay focussed on the first one, stay cautious but aggressive and take him 
down. Repeat for number two and this fight should end without too much 
problems.

If you have Solaire with you, the strategy remains the same, but although Sol 
won't do a lot of damage, he will provide a good distraction to make the fight 
even easier.

When the gargoyles are toast you'll get 10000 souls if you did it alone or 
5000 souls and a sunlight medal if you did it with Sol and he survived. 

Here's a link on how to beat those goofballs.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOYYHbHSZh4

There is nothing on the sides of the tower, so go in and climb it. When you 
reach the top you will see a lever, pull it.

You just rang the first bel of awakening, nice going!

Go back down and talk to the creepy guy that has arrived, this is Oswald of 
Carim. This guy can give you absolution for sins you may have committed against
covenants, the cost is high however (2000 souls x your current level), but if 
you anger an NPC, this will stop them from being hostile. He does sell some 
good items though, the miracle Karmic justice, some rings and most importantly 
right now, purging stones.
- Ultimate_Finale wrote: after patch 1.04 the cost for absolution will only
be 500 souls x your current level, so creds to him-

The rings and miracle are probably way above your price range, but aim to buy 
at least 1 purging stone, Ozzie sells them for 3000, the only other merchant 
that sells them asks 6000 and trust me, if you get cursed you´ll want one asap,
so just buy one.

Head back to the Firelink shrine.

++++Firelink Shrine++++ [firsh2]

Go towards where fhe firekeeper is and give her the firekeeper soul if you 
haven't already, this will upgrade your estus. Near her, you will see Lautec 
sitting on the floor, talk to him to get 1 sunlight medal.

++++Undead Burg++++ [undbu2]

When you're done, go into the Undead Burg, to the bonfire there, if you haven't
picked up the residence key from the merchant yet, do so now, go up the ladder 
and towards the bridge with the dragon. Remember the door we couldn't open 
earlier, on the bridge? We now have the key, so open it.

Do so and go down the ladder, here you will see 2 staircases, one in front and 
one on the right, go right first and open the gate at the end, you should 
recognize the area. This is another shortcut.

Go back down and take the other stairs, here you will be attacked by 3 dogs, 
don't fight them on the stairs, you can't swing your sword, instead lure them 
back to the open area and just block and counter. These bitches can poison you 
so be carefull.

Doggies dead? now go down the stairs and make a right U-turn and stand near the
door without a round top, with the residence key you can open it and save 
Griggs of Vinheim. After beating this area's boss he will be at firelink to 
sell you sorceries. If you roll into the barrel with the corpse, it will drop 
the sorcerer's clothing set and a catalyst.

Step outside and go left. At the end of the path will be 7 guys with torches, 
kill them all and take the twin humanities, this is the same as a normal 
humanity but gives you 2 points of humanity when you use it.

Turn around and go the other way. There will be a cart in the middle of the 
road, go past it but beware, when you pass the second door to your right, you 
will be ambushed by 3 thieves, they are fast, hit hard and can throw knives at 
you, oh yeah, they can also poison you.

This sounds like a lot, but they are no match against the tried and tested 
block and counter, when they come out, just run back to behind the cart and 
they should come at you one by one. Hah! who ambushes who here?

In the first building to your right you will find a mail braker.

Continue following the path but be carefull, another ambush is just ahead, 3 
thieves and 2 dogs this time, just be defensive and patient, wait for an 
opening and take them out.

To your left is another corpse in a barrel, this time dropping a large soul of 
a lost undead. In the second builing to the right is the black leather armor 
set, a pretty decent set, so equip it.

Now, before going through the fog and confronting the boss, first go right just
before it, to create another shortcut.

The boss can be pretty nasty if you have run out of luck, and you don't want to
repeat the last few ambushes again.

Go down the stairs, but before going down the last one, take out your bow and 
snipe the thief. Afterwards, be carefull, another one is hiding behind the left
corner, show him what we do with cowards like that.

When they are done for, don't go up the stairs yet, go to the end of the 
hallway and take the large soul of a lost undead.

Go up the stairs, inside the tower, do the same, take out the archer and head 
through the door.

To your right will be a merchant, she does not sell a lot of interesting 
things, but she does sell purging stones at 6000 souls each, she will also sell
you 1 humanity if you want. If you have some spare souls, also buy poison 
arrows, 40 to 50 should be fine.

Turn around and open the iron gate, you probably already know where you are 
right now, so if you need to rest, do so and head back to the boss gate.

As you go up the stairs to the fog, the 2 dogs will attack you. kill them, 
make sure you're at full health and go through the fog

+Boss+ Capra Demon

This fight can be fairly easy or just plain annoying, making you want to throw 
your controller at the tv screen.

The biggest problems here are the small room and the 2 dogs he brings with him,
which need to be killed asap.

Ok, now for the strategy.

As soon as the fight starts Cap will come at you, 1 dog comes at you from the 
left.

Run a little to the right I'd say at about 30 degrees, when he raises his 
blades, roll straight forward, the second dog will come at you from either the 
front or the right.

The timing to roll without taking damage will take some tries to learn, but 
even if you do get hit, it's not over yet.

As soon as the roll ends, take a hard left towards the stairs, about halfway up
turn around and lock on. Cap walks pretty slow, so you should lock on to one of
the dogs, which should be right behind you.

Block and counter, taking care your sword doesn't hit the wall. Both dogs 
should die with a single swipe.

Those were the first 5 to 10 seconds.

If you get through this in one piece, the rest is plain sailing.

You can either take Cap on one-on-one, circling him and attacking his back 
after a two-handed swing, don't do it after a one-handed swing or he will 
probably counter, leaving you at his mercy, and he doesn't show any.

Another, safer, approach is to use the stairs.

Lock onto him, always having your shield up, he can hit you from nearly 
anywhere, and walk onto the stairs all the way over the arches as far as 
possible.

Now he will do one of two things: He will try to jump you from about halfway up
the stairs, miss usually, he can sometimes hit you, so keep your shield up.
Then when he is stuck on the floor jump attack him.

Another thing he might do, is go up all the way towards you. If this happens, 
jump down, lock on, and wait for him to jump down, slash him twice and get back
up.

Repeat untill he's dead.

As you can see, the first few seconds will determine the outcome of the battle,
as soon as the dogs are gone the worst is over so just stay calm, get rid of 
the dogs and waste this bastard.

After it's over and you are dancing through the room you will get 6000 
souls and the key to the depths.

Here's a video on a very close call (and showing how much out of practice I am 
right now)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOzv72cGRYY&feature=plcp

When you are done celebrating, go back out the room, down the stairs and to the
door you probably saw when creating the last shortcut.

++++Depths++++ [depth1]

When you enter, go down the stairs, you'll see a guy waiting for you in the 
distance, don't run to him, because hiding behind the stairs you're on is 
another one waiting to ambush you.

Carefully walk in, lure them out and take them out. In the back of the room is 
a third one who will come at you too.

After killing them turn around and take the large soul of a nameless soldier 
from the side of the stairs.

Go forward and go through the door, under the stairs is a sword guy waiting for
you, a torch guy in front of the stairs and three guys are hiding on the 
balcony behind a pillar, again lure them out one by one and kill them.

In the back of the room is a final guy hiding behind a pillar, do I still need 
to tell you what to do?

If you approach the stairs you will see a dog waiting for you, lure him up and 
teach him how to play dead.

Go halfway down the stairs, if you aim your bow manually, you will see another 
dog guarding a chest, and a butcher hacking something, shoot the dog, kill him 
and engage the butcher. Use standard big guy tactics against him. (circle, 
backstab when possible and if you have it relock and fireball) He should go 
down easily.

Open the chest to get a large ember. This is used to upgrade weapons, if you 
give this one to Andre, the smith near darkroot garden, he will let you upgrade
your weapons past +5, it also lets you upgrade your +5 weapon to a raw weapon.

If you go through the door behind the butcher you'll come to a ledge with a big
rat down below, arrow it to death if you want. On the other side is the spider
shield, you can get there by walking across on the right side of the room.

Now, homeward bone out of here and from the bonfire make your way back to the
room where the butcher was.

If you walk back to the stairs you came from you will see a pool of water with 
a dog in it, kill the dog, go down, kill a second dog and a sword guy.

Go up the debris on the other side and go left into a room with a lot of 
barrels. In the back of the room you will see someone trapped inside a barrel, 
roll through the barrels to free him, don't use your weapon, if you hurt him he 
will turn hostile and you lose your only chance to get one of the most usefull 
pyromancies in the game.

This guy is Laurentius of the great swamp, a pyromancer just like us. After 
beating the next boss he will be at firelink to sell pyromancies.

Turn around back into the hallway, start running and when you can, go right. A 
butcher will have come after you, I guess he doesn't like the fact that you 
just freed his next meal or something, anyway use the same tactics as with the 
previous one and get rid of him.

When he is down, go through the door at the end, and down the stairs. To your 
left you will see an item, don't try to take it yet. Instead take out you bow, 
go into aiming mode and look up, the blob thing on the ceiling is waiting to 
jump you, so start shooting, if it grabs you, you're as good as dead, so kill 
it.

The fight will probably have alerted a torch guy, so kill him too. Now take the
soul of a nameless soldier and move on.

When you reach a room with a torch guy in the back, look up, there are 6 blobs 
on the ceiling, so start shooting.

After they're gone, kill the torch guy, and open the door with the master key.

Thank god, a bonfire. Light it, reverse hollowing if needed and kindle the 
flame, it might also be a good time to repair your gear.

When you're done playing with fire, go back out, kill torchie, and go right.

See the big rat? He can't hurt you here, but we will have to deal with him at 
some point, just go straight.

The rats to your right are fairly docile, so you can just go in and kill them, 
take the greataxe, turn around and go the other way, be carefull, a rat will 
jump out the crate in the corner, he should have stayed in there.

Again a pack of rats down the stairs, kill them, turn around and take the soul 
of a nameless soldier you see in the distance.

From here, go right, through the fog, down the stairs is a sorcerer and 3 
giant rats, so take them out killing the sorcerer first.

Down the stairs to the left are 2 crates with rats hidden inside and a dead end

-Several people have e-mailed me that in the corner at the dead end is a Large
titanite shard on a corpse, I don't know how I could have missed it, but creds
to them-

so go right. Kill the rat, go through the door and take the second right, 
carefull there's a hole in the floor before the soul of a nameless soldier, so 
jump over it.

If you go straight you will reach the room with the big rat, I usually shoot 1 
arrow to draw it's attention and then play hide and seek throwing fireballs 
from the hallway, now take the sewer gate key and the soul of a nameless 
soldier.

Slide down the waterway, in the hall to your left you will see a frog like 
enemy, These are very dangerous as they spew a cursing mist. If you get cursed,
you die and afterwards your hp will be halved, get cursed again and you hp gets
halved again, the only cure is a purging stone. I have never gotten cursed more
then once at a time so I don't know how far the cursing goes and if you need 
one purging stone to cure all, or if one stone just cures one curse.

Anyway, take it out. If you turn around after killing it and go back to the 
hall you started in you will be attacked by 3 giant rats and if you are human 
you'll get invaded by Kirk, just kill him using backstabs, he's easy. You'll 
get 5000 souls and 1 point of humanity for beating him.

Continue the path to the right, go up the stairs and you'll end up in a room 
with 2 blobs and 2 rats and a giant gate to your left. Don't go there yet, 
instead take the stairs in the back to the right, open the door and follow the 
path, you'll have created a shortcut back to the bonfire, so go ahead and rest.

Now, I know this guide doesn't cover the entire sewer area, but the only item 
that might be worth getting cursed over(the part I skipped is infested with 
frogs) is the ring of the evil eye, which gives a little hp back for every 
enemy you kill, but you don't need it for anything, there's not even a trophy 
for collecting all rings, so if you desperately want it, you're on your own for
this one, but keep in mind that it's not as good as it sounds.

Go back to where you came from and proceed towards the gate, but instead of 
going through it go right through the archway. When you can, go right again, 
follow the path and go down the stairs, go right again and near the stairs you 
should see a summon sign if you are human, this is sol, behind the same pillar 
is the sign for lautec, if you freed him back in undead parish. You know what 
this means, a boss is coming up, but don't summon them this time, their AI is 
too stupid to do it properly and makes the fight take longer than needed.
Besides, they won't survive anyway, so you won't get a sunlight medal.

Take the heavy crossbow with heavy bolts at the end of the path before going 
down the stairs, go down the stairs, through the fog and face...

+Boss+ Gaping Dragon

This guy looks pretty mean, but honestly, it's one of the easiest bosses in the
game, it's quite tough and takes a while to kill, but also really stupid and 
easily manipulated.

Put away your shield, you don't need it, and take your weapon in two hands for 
extra damage.

When the fight starts, just stay where you are, it should belch out some yellow
smoke and drop to a prone position before rushing you. This is what we want it 
to do the entire fight.

Get out of it's way and wait untill it stops, it will stay still for a few 
seconds which is your cue to lay on the hurt. Hit him a few times, 3 or 4 at 
most and then run away like a little girl getting a good distance in between.

This will cause him to spew smoke again and start rushing. Repeat untill dead.

As this is a dragon enemy, the first priority however is to cut of it's tail 
giving you the dragon king greataxe. this also takes away it's nasty tail 
swipe.

The last thing to watch out for is his jumping attack. When hit dead-on, you're
dead. 

When the fight is over you get 25k souls, the key to blighttown and you can 
pick up the hard leather armor set.

For another visual, check this link:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYRc2aoAgqE

Before we head into Blighttown however, let's do some prep work and tie up some
loose ends. Head to Firelink Shrine.

++++Firelink Shrine++++ [firsh3]

When you get down the stairs, you'll see Griggs, the sorcerer we freed just 
before fighting the Capra demon. He will sell you sorceries if you want them.
If you free Logan later, Griggs will stay here for the rest of the game.

From the bonfire, go under the arch and look left, here you will see 
Laurentius, he's our BFF now because he sells pyromancies, including iron 
flesh, make this your first priority because after beating Blighttown's boss 
and showing him a new pyromancy from the Chaos covenant he will dissappear.
He will also upgrade our flame, take it all the way to +15, this will cost you 
roughly 140k, but you will need it before beating Blighttown's boss to get the 
final pyromancy near the end of the game.

Anyway, buy everything he sells and upgrade your flame, attune iron flesh at 
the bonfire and get an extra slot or replace fireball with fire orb.

Talk to Petrus, the miracle guy and his crew to find out they will be going on 
a quest soon, don't bother buying all his miracles yet if you haven't, he will 
be back.

Take the elevator and go to Andre, the blacksmith.

++++Undead Parish++++ [undpa3]

Talk to Andre and give him the ember when asked, now you can upgrade your 
weapons further, although you probably don't have the materials yet.

Anyway, buy the armor and weapon smithboxes so you can do some upgrades 
yourself at a bonfire and upgrade your bow to at least +5.

Now, go to the merchant at Undead Burg.

++++Undead Burg++++ [undbu3]

Buy as many standard arrows as you can from this guy, aim for 999, and equip 
them. You can equip 2 types of arrows at one time so theoretically you could 
always have 1998 arrows ready to go. Now kill him.

Seriously, kill him, before we run out of arrows, we will have found a better, 
easier to reach merchant and this one drops the uchigatana sword, not that it's
very usefull or anything but at some point we will need it to create a weapon 
with a boss soul, so let's just get it over with and be done.

He also drops 1 humanity and the orange guidance soapstone so you can leave 
messages if you play online, you'll also get a staggering 50 souls for doing 
this.

Do you remember the dragon on the bridge? Guess what's next.

That's right, he's gonna pay for all he has done to us. Go up the ladder at the
bonfire and go to the lower part of the bridge.

Kill both the soldiers and take out the rats in the small room ahead too, just 
to be safe.

Now, go stand on the left side of the door as far to the left as possible, take
out your bow and aim for his head, he will react by going onto the bridge, here
you can shoot 3 or 4 more arrows at him, depending on your aiming skills.

That's pretty much the whole fight. when his hp drops enough however, he will 
start to heal himself. When he starts shaking his head with his wings in front 
of him you will know he's healing, taking his health back to about 75%. It may 
look like you can't kill him but at some point, usually after 3 or 4 times he 
will stop, so just be patient and keep shooting. It might also never heal.

-I have been recieving more e-mails than I can handle about this strategy being
patched out, I have just tried it out for myself in patch 1.05, and it works
just fine. So the people having trouble with this, sorry, but you just had some
bad luck with its healing habits. All the people I told they needed to melee 
it, sorry to make it harder on you than necessary.-

Here's a link to a video I made proving it can still be done.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLRhsX-oWT8&feature=plcp

Take note, you HAVE to be OFFLINE for it to work.

Easiest 10k you ever made right?

After the dragon is gone, go inside where the rats were, Remember the Black 
knight we skipped? Now it's his turn. Go up the winding stairs just before 
Undead Parish, cast iron flesh when you're nearly at the top and take your 
sword in 2 hands, have fun!

He will drop another titanite chunk, and might drop a black knight greatsword 
or a black knight shield, go back to the room before the bridge.

Go up to the bridge, take the claymore and the soul of a nameless soldier. 
Light the bonfire and open the gate if you want, this leads to Undead Parish, 
but we don't have any business there right now.

To the right of the bonfire is a balcony with some non-agressive guys, kill 
them if you must. See the statue with the huge spear? This is where you can 
join the warrior of sunlight covenant, but only if you have 25(!) faith, you 
will get a miracle for joining, a miracle for giving them 10 sunlight medals 
and a miracle for giving them a certain boss soul, check the miracles section 
for info on this.

Pick a bonfire and level up with your "hard" earned souls and head back into 
the sewers and Blighttown. 

++++Blighttown++++ [bligh1]

Before you open the gate into Blighttown, there is a merchant sitting on the 
floor on your right, he doesn't sell a lot of interesting things, but the 
bottomless box is something you might want to buy. It lets you stash away items
you don't need so you can keep your inventory organised.

In NG+ He will sell you The armor used by the final boss, defence wise it sucks
but it has the best curse resistance in the game.
 
After opening the gate, go to the left, along the ledge and down the ladder. 
You will come to a wooden walkway with another ladder to your left. Don't go 
down yet, destroy the junk in front of you and take out your bow.

See the big guy with the club downstairs? He's fairly easy to beat, but you can
easily fall of the ledge here, so just snipe him, he can't reach you here.

Now, go down the ladder, but walk slowly, a little ahead are 2 more of them, 
just snipe 1, wait for him to come running, turn around and go halfway up the 
ladder.

If you go all the way up, he will follow you all the way and you have to snipe 
him like you did with number 1, if you go only halfway up, he will fall of the 
ledge somehow. Repeat with the third one.

When they are done for, carefully walk forward, you'll see some pinkish guy 
waiting, he has a lot of friends hiding behind him, I think there are about 6 
total, so take your bow and lure him to you. These guys are fairly tough, but 
can be easily beaten by simple block and counter, just be carefull when it 
squats and hisses, this means it's going to jump you with a grab attack which 
really hurts, if not kill you.

At some point during this there will also be a guy spitting darts at you, these
things cause 'toxic' status, a nasty variety of poison, that can only be cured 
with a blooming purple moss clump, luckily these guys don't respawn after 
killing them.

-If you picked up the spider shield back in the sewers, the spider shield 
negates the toxic status. This tip was sent to me by someone who wishes to stay
anonymus, but creds to you anyway.-

When all pinkies, including the ones accross the bridge, are dead, go to where 
the spitter was standing, down the ladder there are two more pinkies, take them
out and go to the end of the walkway, take the soul of a proud knight, turn 
around and go back up the ladder.

When you cross the right bridge, it wobbles a lot, but it never crashed down 
on me, so I don't know if it can. If you cross the left bridge you will see an 
item across a gap, this is the Iaito blade, it's not very usefull or needed for 
a trophy, so don't take the risk. If you really want it though, there is a 
beam sticking out of the walkway, run on to the beam and jump at the very last 
second to make the jump, this is however a shortcut to the first bonfire, but 
you will miss out on a very usefull armor set.

On the plateau where the pinkies were standing, there is a ladder going down on
the left side, don't go down, go to the right of the hut, follow the narrow 
path and jump down to the shadow set.

In terms of defence, this doesn't offer much protection, but it has the highest
poison resistance we can have so far, and we'll need it so put it on.

I don't know about you, but I always want to start doing izuna drops and UT's 
when I'm walking around in this...

Anyway, don't go down the ladder to the left, but jump down in front of you to 
get a soul of a proud knight, then, jump down again to the left.

Walk forward and destroy the wooden thing and take yet another soul of a proud 
knight.

Go left and from the plank sticking out between 2 poles, jump to the lower 
walkway, be carefull as there will be a pinkie and possibly some fire breathing
rats to bother you.

Kill them and go left to light the bonfire, from here I won't tell you to 
kindle anymore, you probably already figured that out for yourself a long time 
ago.

Turn around and go up the stairs by the hanging torch, unless you want his 
souls, leave the potted pinky, and kill the other one, if you look down from 
here you will see the fire breathing rats, you can shoot an arrow from here so 
they will suicide, since they can be difficult to hit.

You will have alerted another pinky, so kill him too and follow the path.

After the stone walkway are 2 more pinkies and a spitter on top of a tower.
Sometimes the spitter suicides, sometimes he doesn't, there's not much you can 
do about it now, so just keep moving and take out the pinkies.

When they are gone, move forward and hide from the spitter behind a large 
wooden pillar near a ladder. Down and to the left you will see some big thing 
guarding an item, take it out from here with your bow.

Go down the ladder and go right, try to go down the next ladder so you lure 
pinky down there up to you, then run into the alcove with the soul of a proud 
knight and take out pinky and the other one you just alerted.

Instead of going down the ladder, go back to the previous one, turn around and 
go down the ladder where pinky 2 came from, turn right and go up the long 
ladder to where the spitter is, kill him.

Walk across the walkway and go into the cave on the right, 2 more pinkies here,
deal with them and follow the cave to the item the big thing was guarding, it 
is the power within pyromancy. 

Go left ignoring the spitter from down below, who guards an eagle shield, it's 
not really worth  the trouble of getting it, so I'm not going to.

When you get to the large soul of a nameless soldier, cast iron flesh and take 
your sword in two hands, kill pinky and the big guy and follow the path.

When you go down the ladder you will see an item on a platform you can jump 
down to, it's the whip, take it if you want, otherwise go through the fog, both
routes end up in the same place.

Now things will get nasty, the path is straightforward, only one route to go.

Take out the big bugs as you go. When you come to a platform with a beam 
sticking out, and a wooden wall protecting from a spitter, walk onto the beam, 
drop down and head to and take out the spitter. Hiding behind a wall here is 
the wanderer clothing set and a falchion, whatever you do don't lose this, we 
need it to create the weapon we will use untill the end of the game in the 
future.

Continue your route down, at some point you will come to an island in a lake, 
from here ignore the enemies and start running keeping an eye on the right for 
a cave with a bonfire, finally.

From the bonfire, head into the cave, in the back is a chest with a dragon 
scale, use this to upgrade your drake sword.

Back at the bonfire, go outside, turn right and kill the bug, if you are human,
you will get invaded by Maneater Midred, kill the mosquitoes with your bow and 
just backstab the hell out of her, you get 8000 souls, 1 humanity, 3 humanity
items and a butcher knife for this.

To your right, in the back, you will see a white/brownish hill with trees, this
is where the boss resides, but before that, let's do some side trips while we
are down here.

If you go right, you will see torches on an island, on that island is a slope 
going up. Go there and climb the ladder.

Step on the elevator, and at the top get off, climb the ladder to your left
and instead of climbing the next ladder, go around the left.

Keep following the path, killing bugs, untill you reach a corpse with the 
crimson clothes and the tin banishment catalyst. Also open the chest with
the remedy sorcery.

Go back to the ladder we skipped. Climb up and follow the path untill you reach
a corpse with a soul of a proud knight, from here go around the path, killing 
spitters as you go, then take the ladder down and kill all rats.

Take out the final spitter and his rats in the alcove to your right, then take 
the Firekeeper soul.

If you go back to the start of the 'spitter alley', you'll see a ladder. Take 
it up and follow the only pathe you can take, all the way up to a chest with
the key to New Londo.

From there, move forward and take out the 3 giants one at a time and go 
outside. Cross the bridge, take the soul of a nameless soldier and open the
gate.

You now have created a shortcut to New Londo Ruins and from there you can 
easily make it to Firelink if you want. Head back into Blighttown. 

From the bonfire, go left this time, past the island we originally came from,
to a giant branch, near the end of it you will see an item down below, jump
down and take the green titanite shard.

Get back up the branch and inside the tree. Take the plank shield from the 
corpse, and slash your sword to destroy the fake wall to the left of it.

Open the chest with the twin humanities, and again destroy the fake wall behind
the chest.

++++The Great Hollow++++ [greho1]

Just follow the path to reach the bonfire, here do your thing and equip the 
crimson set, this has the second highest curse resist in the game and there are
a lot of frogs coming up.

From here just follow the branches down, ignoring all the items you see 
scattered around, they require jumping and falling to collect and it's nothing 
you can't obtain otherwise.

Just keep going down, killing the frogs as you go, but be carefull not to get
cursed.

When you are near the bottom, the branches will become mushrooms, just keep
going, ignoring the enemies.

When you go through the fog, you will be at...

++++Ash Lake++++ [ashla1]

If you look to your left you will see a 7-headed monster called hydra (I tought
hydras had 9 heads). If you look right you'll see a bonfire, go there first.

You can take on the hydra now if you want, it's not that hard. Stand at the
edge of the water and wait untill it drives its heads into the sand/ash, 
missing you completely. Now start hacking its heads one by one to take them off
and eventually kill it. You'll get 10k souls and a dragon scale for it.

But there is an easier way, just run past it, keep running picking up the 
dragon scales as you go all the way to the back of the area, just be carefull
you don't fall into the water, you will drown.

In the back of the area you will see another bonfire and a huge dragon, this
is the path of the dragon covenant. Upon joining you will get the dragon eye,
and the dragon head stone. If you go behind the dragon and cut off its tail you
get the dragon greatsword.

Now, back to the hydra.

When you return from the dragon, the hydra should be waiting for you, turn
around, rest at the bonfire again and when you go back, the hydra should be
going back too. At some point it vanishes, giving you the 10k souls and dragon
scale.

When you reach the area with the clam type enemy, just past is is a dead tree
you can go up. Kill the frog at the top, but don't go in, instead look down to
your right, you will see a small piece of wood sticking out between two roots.
This leads to the Great magic barrier miracle - creds for this go to whoever 
posted it on darksouls.wikidot.com, wouldn't have found it without, thanks-

Aside from some easy to see item collecting, there is not much more we can do
here, so go back to the bonfire in Blighttown.

++++Blighttown++++ [bligh2]

From the bonfire, go right, when you get to where the elevator is go to the
first pillar you see, sitting on the left side will be Quelana of Izalith,
another pyromancer( if you haven't upgraded your flame to +10 she won't
appear). Buy everything you can from her and let her modify your flame to a 
stronger version too. Make Great Combustion a priority however, it's one of the
most usefull and powerfull pyromancies in the game. 

Now talk to her a few times and when she starts to repeat herself, go to the 
bonfire and rest, return to her and talk again.

Repeat this untill she asks you to kill her mother. We were going to have to do
this anyway at some point, might as well get an extra reward out of it. I will 
inform you to get it when the time comes.

If you can't buy everything from her and upgrade your new flame to the max., 
don't worry about it, our next main objective is to collect an item that will
allow us to warp between bonfires so she will be easier to reach, although this
is going to take some time.

From Quelana, go a little forward and right to get a Large titanite shard, this
allows you to upgrade your weapons from +5 to +10, but you'll need to modify it
to +6 at Andre first before you can do it yourself.

Head to the island with trees, but stay on the right side of the lake, on the
left side are stone throwing giants who you don't want to mess with.

++++Quelaag's Domain++++ [quedo1]

Just walk forward towards the fog, ignore the 2 egg-covered dudes, they won't 
attack you and when you kill them they will spawn annoying worms, so just leave
them.

Go through the fog.

+Boss+ Quelaag

Too bad for the lower part of her body...

When the fight starts, she will jump you and breathe lava, don't step in it.

The easiest way to fight her is to just get close and bait her to do her sword
attack, if you get to the right of her spider face up against her, she can't 
hit you, after the first strike, attack a few times and wait out her next move.

If she stops moving completely, back off asap, she will do an AOE attack which 
hurts, get your shield up to absorb some of it.

When she raises her legs, back off too, she will stomp the ground.

She will also spit lava around the area, while she is spitting, this is
another good time to do some damage, just be carefull you don't get surrounded.

If the part of the area you are fighting is getting covered in lava, just go
somewhere else, it's a large room with a lot of space to move around.

You'll get 20k souls for beating her and the soul of Quelaag, whatever you do,
DO NOT USE IT TO GET SOULS! Especially this one, because with the falchion we
got earlier, and this soul we will create the weapon we'll use for the 
remainder of the game.

And for a visual, copy and paste this to your URL:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZFi15L3JPg&feature=plcp

If somehow this fight is too hard you can go to the fog in human form to summon
Maneater Mildred to help you, like Sol with the gargoyles she won't do a lot 
of damage, but provide a good distraction. You will only get 10k of souls
however and no sunlight medal.

Go up the stairs in the back of the room and through the door, you will see a
lever, pull it. This was the second bell of awakening and you have just 
completed your first main objective, congrats!

Before we head all the way back to the firelink shrine, there are a few things 
left to do down here.

Go down the stairs to your right, on the right hand side of the wall in this 
room is a piece of wall that looks a little different from the rest, strike it
to reveal a secret room.

Don't attack the egg creature, talk to it and it will ask if you are a new
servant, awnser yes, if you say no just once, you'll have to kill it to get 
past it and lose the chance to get 2 pyromancies a little later.

Use the bonfire if you wish, and talk to the white spider chick.

This is the chaos servant covenant, upon joining you get the great chaos 
fireball pyromancy, if you give her 30 humanity you'll get chaos storm 
pyromancy. Doing this will also open up a shortcut later in the game,You don't
have to do this now if you don't have the humanity, we'll be back here 
later, I'll give you a heads up when the time comes.

Take note though, if you do this now, you will either need to stay in the 
covenant, open the door now (skip to [demru2] for info how to get there), or
leave the covenant through Oswald, so you won't lose your rank when you rejoin.

She can also upgrade your estus.

The egg thing can upgrade your flame for you if you want, and if you return
to him with an egg on your head he will sell 2 more pyromancies, let's do so
now.

Go out and turn right through the hole with the red glow.

++++Demon Ruins++++ [demru1]

Rest at the bonfire and unequip your weapon, also remove your headgear.

Strike any of the egg things with your fist to turn it hostile and just stand
there until it grabs you and uses it's worm to bite you. You have now been
infected and after some time you will grow an egg on your head, just head back
to the chaos servant room and when the egg pops, this will take
a few minutes, talk to eggie.

He will give you an egg vermifuge you can use to get it off, but more 
importantly, he will now sell poison mist and toxic mist pyromancies. 

There is one more thing to do down here, go back to demon ruins, go down the 
slope and make a right u-turn when you can. Cross the bridge and go through the
fog.

Follow the path and when you see a huge creature, don't attack it. Go to the 
back of the area and go right, take the item, the gold hemmed black cloak set,
a great piece of equipment we will be using for the rest of the game. The only
downside is that it has zero curse resistance, but we'll only fight one more 
enemy that uses it anyway.

When you take it, the boss gets angry.

+Boss+ Ceaseless Discharge

Don't fight this thing straight up, you can't win.

Instead run like a pussy into the side path on the left, where it can't hit you
and wait for it untill it gets to the other side of the rock you are hiding 
behind, now show yourself, staying where you are and bait it into attacking.
After the attack, run as fast as you can back to the fog you came from.

Here he can't reach you, but will still try to attack you. As soon as his hand 
slams on the ground, run up to it and start slashing, after 4 or 5 slashes it 
will die.

If something goes wrong and you die before you can do this, you'll have to do
it the hard way.

Get into the side path where he can't hit you. You'll notice he uses a 
different attack now, a huge tentacle will slam down with a blaze of fire,
hide behind the rock and when the blaze dissipates, start attacking the 
tentacle, it will take a while to kill it, but isn't that hard.

You'll get 20k souls for this and a new path will open up. The enemies down
there are really strong and we can't get to the final boss of the area yet, so
go back to the firelink shrine.

Here's yet another video:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Atk-zY3AWw4&feature=youtu.be

++++Firelink Shrine++++ [firsh4]

The first thing you'll notice is that the bonfire is out. If you try to light 
it, you'll get a message saying the keeper is absent, let's go check it out.

When you get down there you can take the dingy clothes set and the black eye 
orb, this will allow us to invade the world of whoever killed her, do you
notice someone else missing down here? You'll get a message when it's time for
payback.

If you haven't bought all pyromancies from Laurentius yet, now is the time to 
do so, if you talk to him he will ask you to show your new pyromancies, you'll
have to agree to go on, but if you leave firelink now, he will be gone forever,
so buy everything.

Now go to where the pool of water was and talk to the serpent-like creature, 
this is Kingseeker Frampt, he will tell you to go to Anor Londo to get the
Lordvessel, our next main objective.

We need to go through Sen's fortress to get there, but head for Andre the
blacksmith first.

When reaching Andre upgrade the falchion we have to +6 using the large titanite
shard we got back in Blighttown, if we find more, we can upgrade it to +10 
oursleves.

Go back up to the bonfire and go through the door here.

++++Sen's Fortress++++ [senfo1]

Walk across the bridge and enter the fortress, if you look down, you will see
a pressure plate, don't stand on it yet.

Instead walk past it on the left side and when you reach the first pillar, wait
You'll see a snake-man like creature coming to you from the far right side of 
the room, wait untill it's in the center, lock on and walk backwards over the 
pressure plate, the spikes should kill it.

If you walk in further you'll alert a second snake. You'll find that the drake
sword doesn't really hurt them, but they are weak to fire, so either backstab
and fireball them, or just use pyromancies, a new weapon is inside this 
fortress, so deal with it for now.

To the right of the door is a soul of a brave warrior.

Go through the door and lay your eyes on what makes this place so nasty,
swinging pendulums on a narrow bridge, before you cross, take out your bow, 
and shoot the snake waiting for you ahead, he'll come running and should get
knocked of by a pendulum. If you get knocked off, you'll take damage and fall
into a pit with a total of 3 lightning shooting demons.

Anyway, on the bridge there will be small parts chipped off it, this is where 
pendulums swing, so move your camera above your head to see how far you have
to walk.

After the first 4 pendulums, a female snake starts shooting lightning at you,
run past the fifth pendulum and from the safety of the windows on the other
side, snipe her.

Follow the path up to another pendulum trap, 4 this time, just cross them 
using the same technique, camera above head to see where you and the pendulums
are.

At the end is another pressure plate, so roll to the side to avoid the darts
and open the chest for 2 large titanite shards.

Continue the only route you can take, cross the bridge, don't go down, we'll
get there later and outside to a new kind of trap, rolling boulders.

Outside the door, go right and down the slope, kill the snakes and talk to the
fat guy, he doesn't say much but after obtaining the lordvessel, this enables
us to get another miracle.

Now go all the way up the slope, into the small room to get the ring of steel
protection, this raises your physical defence so equip it.

From the top of the slope, roll to the corner onto a platform with the shotel,
a unique weapon with the ability to go around shields, pretty usefull when 
upgraded.

Walk back up the slope and go left through the fog. Follow the path and kill
the snake that's hiding to your left.

Wait for the boulder to start going around the corner, and follow it, be 
carefull you don't touch it, it hurts.

Downstairs, stand in the hallway on the left and wait for the pit the boulders
fall into gets full, the next boulder will go through the wall so you can take
the covetous gold serpent ring, this is a great ring as it raises your item
drop rate with 200 points.

Go back and right, and DO NOT try to open the chest, it's a monster that will
eat you if you try, just start slashing and don't stop untill it dies, if for
some reason you can't kill it quick enough, just circle, wait for an attack
and slash. It drops the ligthtning spear, our next weapon, so equip it.

In the back of the room, on the left is an elevator, stand on it and turn 
around. As soon as you can get off, do so. If you are too slow the elevator 
will drive you into spikes on the ceiling, which hurts.

Go up the stairs, through the cell door, if you cross the bridge into the next
room, there will be another cell door, we'll open it later.

Anyway, go down the stairs and up the slope, into a room with a contraption   
that lets you steer the boulders.

Turn it counter-clockkwise once, wait for a boulder to fall, turn it again and
go down the slope. Kill the snake, and go into the newly opened passage.

The guy in the cell is Logan, another sorcerer, with the master key you can
free him. After beating this area's boss he will be at firelink to teach you
sorceries if your int. is at 15 or higher. The item is a soul of a hero.

Now take the route back to the boulder room.

Turn the handle so there will be no boulders falling into the second trap,
This is the one next to a door, and drop down from the right of the broken
pillar, take the large soul of a proud knight and go through the nearest door,
take the black sorcerer set and hush sorcery from the corpse, and open the cell
door up the stairs, now turn around and go back, through the hole in the wall,
and take the slumbering dragoncrest ring. You can drop down further and fight
3 lightning demons or just use a homeward bone and get back to undead parish.

Go all the way back to the boulder room.

To the right of one of the boulder's paths is a door, through the door is
another pressure plate, step on it and move back. Wait untill the spikes are
done and continue.

Follow the path untill you come to the next pendulum bridge, this one is
especially nasty, because you have to get past all 4 at once, just creep up
to the first one as close as possible, and when you get the chance, run like
your life depends on it, oh wait, it really does.

In the next room to the right is another snake, past that snake is a hole in 
the floor, don't fall into it, unless you want to fight 3 lightning demons.

To the left is a she-snake on top of the stairs, kill her but don't go up yet,
instead go past the stairs on the left, to another snake, guarding 2 large
titanite shards.

Now go up the stairs to yet another pendulum trap. This one isn't as nasty
as the last one, but this time there is a she-snake waiting to snipe you on
left, kill her first. Be carefull, you have to take 2 pendulums at a time on 
this one.

When you cross the bridge and go left, there will be nothing there, so go right
and up the stairs, watch out for the pressure plate though and cross the fog.

Praise the sun! We're outside. If you go right here you will come to a knight, 
it's a little stronger than the ones we faced back in Undead Parish, but 
shouldn't pose a problem by now, continue the path to another one guarding a 
flame stoneplate ring.

Go back to were you came from and go left up the stairs this time.

Don't take the items yet, just keep going up untill you have a clear shot at 
the giant throwing fireballs at you, snipe him.

Now go collect the 2 large titanite shards and the large soul of a brave 
warrior. On the level where the soul is, you'll see a piece of broken wall,
jump down to a bonfire. Upgrade your lightning spear as far as possible, if 
you can, upgrade your bow, and upgrade the falchion all the way to +10 if you
can. Now follow the path, drop down to the stairs, and go back outside.

When you get back up to the level where the titanite was, instead of going left
up the stairs, go straight. There will be a big knight waiting, you know the
routine by now, just circle and kill, you can't backstab him.

Continue the path down the ladder and up to a soldier who drops Ricard's 
rapier, I am not sure if you need it for the knights honor trophy, but take it
anyway. At the end of the path is a chest with a divine blessing and a chest 
with a rare ring of sacrifice. Go back to where we sniped the giant.

Go up the stairs and cross the bridge, turn left when you can and jump the gap
to a merchant who sells some good stuff. He sells titanite shards, large 
titanite shards and green titanite shards, whenever you need to upgrade weapons
and need titanite, go here, don't worry he'll be easier to reach in the future.
He also sells arrows, buy at least 150 feather arrows.

In this tower, go all the way downstairs, to a she-snake guarding the cage key.

Go back up, cross the bridge, and when you get to the end go right, left is a 
dead end with nothing there.

In the building open the left cage and step in and immediatey get out, this is
a shortcut from the first pendulum trap.

Go outside, follow the path and kill the sniper. Inside the building, to the
left is fog leading to the boss, to the right is a staircase leading to where 
the giant was, if you didn't die between killing him and getting here there
should be a titanite chunk.

If you go down and right across the bridge, you come to a room where you can
summpn Iron Tarkus if you're human, The coming boss is pretty easy, so don't 
bother.

Go back, go right through the fog and meet the next boss.

+Boss+ Iron Golem

The first thing you'll notice is that the plateau you fight him on is pretty 
small, here also lies the biggest risk: you falling off.

In the center is some sort of broken down wall, try to keep him here.

When the fight starts, he will do some sort of shockwave attack with his axe,
it shouldn't hit you.

Lure him to the center and start circling him up close, with his axe he
shouldn't be able to hit you. Watch out though, if he raises his free hand, he
will do a grab attack, get behind him to avoid. When he raises his leg he will
stomp the ground a few times, back off.

For the rest it's pretty straightforward, just keep poking the same leg over
and over when you can, eventually you'll stagger him, keep poking so he falls
down and poke some more.

If you have an upgraded pyro flame, and also combustion/great combustion, you 
can do some real damage with that as well. 

You'll get 40k souls and the core of an iron golem for beating him.

Here's a visual on how to beat it:

http://www.youtube.com/enhance?feature=wenh&v=ELyeo2i5YFM

Afterwards touch the yellow ring that appeared.

++++Anor Londo++++ [anolo1]

What the f***, get off me, oh wait, you're helping me.

When you're back in control, just follow the path untill you reach a giant 
knight. These guys are real easy, circle them untill they do a shield bash,
then throw a fire orb and poke them some to kill them.

If you look inside the building, you'll see 2 of them, lure the first one out
with your bow, and kill it. Don't waste an arrow on the second one, just go
inside and kill it. In the chest you'll find a demon titanite.

Outside there are 3 ways to go. To the right is an elevator down, straight is
a building with 2 more knights and  2 treasure chests and to the left a 
bonfire, go there first.

The chick standing against the wall is Anor Londo's firekeeper, if you have a 
firekeeper soul, she'll reinforce your estus.

Now go outside and left into the building, there are two giant knights here,
if you stand in the doorway you can snipe them both without them coming to you.

The left treasure chest holds a twinkling titanite, the right one is another
monster, dropping a crystal halberd.

The door to the right leads to another giant and a path to some orange fog we
can't cross yet, so now go to the elevator.

Go down the stairs and outside on the bridge you'll have to fight a gargoyle.
Like the gargoyle boss from long ago, you can cut off it's tail and it will
drop a weapon, don't worry if it fails though, you don't need this one for the 
trophy.

When it's dead, go back to the stairs you came from and drop down to the left
of it, follow the path to a chest with a demon titanite, now turn around, go 
through the archway and climb up on the support beam thing sticking out of
the building to the left. Be carefull you don't fall of, the camera will get
shaky while it is between the pillars.

Go through the broken window and take out the ninja that drops down, and the 
other one in the back.

Climb the ladder and cross the narrow beams, be carefull you don't fall off or 
you'll die. The ninjas up here will throw knives at you when they see you,
just raise your shield and wait, eventually they will come to you so you can
kill them.

About halfway across the beams, you will see an item on a chandelier, break
the chain with your weapon so we can pick up the item later.

At the other end you will see fog and a stairs going down, this is a dead end 
with nothing there so go through the fog.

You'll come to a bridge with an elevator, pull the lever once to go down.

One side leads back to the other elevator and the bonfire past it, the other
side leads to our next destination. If you go down the stairs you come to the
ground floor of the building we just exited, but let's leave that for now and
do that later.

If you pull the lever again you'll go down one more floor leading to a bonfire
and a ring of the sun's firstborn. Remember this place, we'll come back here
later. Pull the lever to make the elevator go back up one level.

You'll get attacked by another gargoyle, put him out of his misery. Up the
stairs will be 2 giants, go to one side of the stairs to lure one out and kill 
it, then go up the stairs and kill the other one.

Stand on the hex-shaped plateau on the right side and snipe the far mini 
gargoyle. It will come to you, these things have a high lightning defence, but
seem to be weak against fire, so fire orb it.

Go through the door and down the stairs, instead of fighting the second one,
just lock on, keep your shield up and endure his attacks, you'll notice you're
pushing it backwards and eventually off the edge, the sucker can't fly. 
Around the corner to the left is another one, do the same.

Now things get tricky, in the building below you are two more non-flying 
demons, on a ledge to the left are two snipers you can't reach yet, but they 
can hit you.

Go down the slope, aggro-ing the demons, turn around and run all the way back
up the slope. The demons can't follow you and from the edge of the slope, the 
snipers can't hit you, so put some arrows in the demons heads.

When they're gone, run down the slope, go left, up the slope with your shield
up.

Time to take care of the snipers, I have read a lot about people luring the
right one into jumping to his death by approaching him, this never worked for
me, so I just shoot him. Here's what to do.

Stand behind the wall untill he stops shooting, go into aiming mode and with
just a small piece of the wall on screen aim your crosshair to be just 
slightly left of him. Now walk right, he'll start shooting, when the center
of your crosshair is on his bow, shoot and get back, you don't have time to 
shoot twice. Wait untill it stops shooting and repeat.

You can also try poison arrows, the success rate is small, but you can just 
wait for him to die if it connects.

I know this isn't a good description, but I don't know how to make it more 
clear, just practice. If you can't get this done there are probably videos
on YouTube showing the luring technique and probably even the shooting
technique.
 
Now for the second one, as you go up the slope, you'll hear him shooting the
pillar, go up on the ledge, and go stand in front of the third window to the 
right, he can't hit you, but you can hit him, enjoy. He guarded a soul of a 
hero.

-cocoloco wrote:
I wanted to suggest an alternative method to dealing with the Sniper Archers in
Anor Londo.
 
Equip the Ring of fog and run up the first ramp. They will not see or fire on 
you. Then peak out the right side first, carefully line up your bow on the 
Archers head and repeatedly keep firing. The shots will stagger him continuosly
and he won't even be able to get a shot off.  Rinse and repeat for left Archer.

so, creds to cocoloco for this- 

Get back on the ledge and follow it around the building untill you can drop 
down and go through the fog. Open the first door on the left and go into the 
room, finally, a bonfire. If your falchion isn't +10 yet, do so now.

Solaire will also be sitting here, make sure to talk to him untill he starts
repeating himself if you want him to keep helping you.
